# the list

these are the girls that I had a notable enough good feeling about that I want to remember them here.

### 2020-08-25 13:43

- the girl that just moved in to end of carefree (23?)
- the girl with the chaotic writing (and her friend) that I missed in the multi-family yard sale down on gamble 155
- a few weeks ago (or maybe it was last friday? I dunno), I saw a few people walking around in the appartments that I usually cross (the preserve), and I saw them walking toward the centre area near to the pool, when all of a sudden I decided that I wanted to go a different way, making it so that I didn't walk past them. I sort of feel obligated to follow my instinct, so I just do what pops into my head that feels good. anyway, I didn't know what that was about, but since then I've thought about it a few times... I figured at the time that they would just need to try again another time when desire was stronger or something. I really didn't know. I just have to follow my instinct. it's had me thinking about it since because what if me following my instinct *was* actually what was the clarifying thing to build stronger desire. I dunno. anyway, it was cool because it helped me to realise that following inspiration may be the "right path" -- but it could also be the "right way" to build more desire. either way following inspiration is the correct thing to do, and then just let it sort itself out later. so, if that was a thing, then sure. (I'm not really sure it was)
- whatever happened with with what I was feeling with poncho has improved tramendously, however, now I'm just not sure what I was feeling anymore. it's totally gone, however, I think he's a cool guy and I like they way he feels a lot now, so yes, if that was a thing. I don't feel anymore conflict anymore, and I'm sure everything is all good there.

### 2020-08-25 19:24

- about an hour ago I was outside and I heard a girl make a screaming sound, and it reminded me of another time that I was walking back on briargate and heard a girl make a similar screaming sound from a house with a trampoline -- probably on newpark(?). anyway, she reminded me of that, and I want to invite them both.

### 2020-08-25 20:18

- in the video where robert is talking about hungarian gypsies, there is a girl dancing in front here: @[youtube](https://youtu.be/QvKp1WKc-MQ?t=114). as I was taking a shower I was feeling different things...

so, this is where I pause to wonder to myself wtf is going on, cause this video was produced in march 2019, which means the footage is a little older. my mind is specifically geared to suspect the most extreme and then work my way back to reality from there. however, if I begin to explain, I will launch off into a multi-page explanation much longer than what I want to put here, so I'll just leave it as a suspicion because I don't really understand how this could logically be happening unless something quite a bit bigger is happening. I just don't know, and additionally it's really weird because when watching the video again just now to get the timestamp, I have this extremely familiar feeling with her, as if I know her, but I assure you I don't and very likely (judging by the architecture) we're in different continents as well -- so I'm totally puzzled about this and how it could be happening, yet at the same time my heart is like kinda jumping around with excitement too. I dunno...

### 2020-08-26 09:58

- walking home, I saw a guy walking on the field near to me, and I didn't think much about it, and then a thought popped into my head that he wanted me to invite his daughter. I thought it was a terribly strange idea, but it persisted. anyway, I decided I'm gonna go with it... welcome :)

### 2020-08-27 14:17

- walking home, I met dan, poncho's socio. we shook hands, and then when I got home, I started to realise that he must have met me for a reason. it feels like his daughter or something. anyway, I quite like the way she feels. welcome :)
- dang well, it's really hard for me to locate what I'm feeling here on this one because it feels like there are more than one different signal. in this same video, @[youtube](https://youtu.be/QvKp1WKc-MQ?t=114), I believe I can feel the one in the back with the red and the white pretty strongly. however, I just don't know. I'm just going to say that if any of the girls there in the back that are playing around there that want to join, I think is fine. I don't have anything that says no and it actually feels pretty good, too.
- as I was going out to the field and a few other times as well, I was reminded of this girl in pink shoes I saw very briefly in what looks like isreal: @[youtube](https://youtu.be/Bny_mt_6N-I?t=812). yo, I dunno cause I don't really feel her very strongly, however the idea did pass through my head a few times, which honestly doesn't really mean a whole lot either cause lots of thoughts pass through my head... anyway, not really feeling anything solid on it, I'm gonna let it sit for now. however, I did want to write about it so that LOA begins to take effect and either amplifies what I don't really feel right now, or brings about something more in line with what is really wanted.

### 2020-08-29 09:41

- in the previous entry I mentioned this girl here, @[youtube](https://youtu.be/Bny_mt_6N-I?t=812) yet I still have not felt her, wait well kinda now... ok, well I'll just let it build but, what I think happened is that the reactions I felt were nosebook, not the girl. as a result, I was going to say that nevermind about her, but I can definitely feel her now, so nevermind that.
- also, in the previous entry, I mentioned the girls here: @[youtube](https://youtu.be/QvKp1WKc-MQ?t=114), and I said that any of them who wanted can join, but then later I felt some chaos over it, so I'm going to change it to the ones that I originally felt which were the one in the red and white on the right in the previous one, then I suppose I'm feeling, and therefore going to add the one in pink on the right as for sure (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/QvKp1WKc-MQ?t=791)). then, I can maybe kinda feel the and also the one in pink on the left and maybe the one in the orange too, but I'll let them develop a little more.
- when I was watching this video for the first time, @[youtube](https://youtu.be/kc7OJmZrGcQ?t=77), I can't remember because I can't really feel it now, but I think I felt something like really really strongly with this girl here: @[youtube](https://youtu.be/kc7OJmZrGcQ?t=77). however, like I said I definitely don't feel it now. I just wanted to mention it... like wtf, I seriously have no idea what happened... was it this one? @[youtube](https://youtu.be/kc7OJmZrGcQ?t=40). I'm gonna let it develop too.
- also, yesterday when I was writing to daniel about my difficulties with work, I was feeling this weird feeling from a girl which didn't want me to sabotage my conversation with daniel. I dunno who or where she is, and it's weird anyway, but (I have no idea, because it feels like I'm making this stuff up, maybe a little and at this point I'm kinda doubting things but anyway...) it felt like someone like daniel's girlfriend's sister or something like that. yep. something like that, anyway yep. definitely yes.
- yesterday, right after crossing troy, there was a car just passing me. I felt something yesterday and today I was reminded about how important it is that I remember her. ok, sure :)
- lastly, when I was out at the field, I was thinking about lyia, and I mean I already said yes, but catch me if you can :)

ok, there we go. I went to the field this morning and I'm telling you it's kinda like really weird because all of the difficulties I have feeling some of them and then other times it seems like they return a moment. it's strange and I haven't felt out the pattern quite yet, but I'm starting to get there where I can feel them more and more. nice :)

it was funny to me too because I understood that the different girls can get whatever it is that they want. some can choose to do the black tantra route or the white tantra route, and that has one effect. some will be more motivaated by the audience and/or directors, and others will wait to procreate with me, and others will do other different things too. it's not like they're all going to be the same. the ones who want to release their resistance to competition and allow their vibration to rise will join me in the source like perspective too.

I could see that a lot (most) of them will end up joining me there over some course of time, but we're gonna take the worst manifestation path forward so it's garanteed to be the "only improvements" from here path, which is where things just keep getting better as we move closer and closer toward manifestation. I know that as we go along, they'll all find their own way to whatever it is that they really want, their own ways. maybe not at first because nosebook wants to make sure that we make the most contrast manifestation, but as I continue to rise my vibration up and up, I think it's likely that I'll become aware that a lot of these different things are happening at once, and I'm just doing my own thing, keeping it on the one.

from my perspective, I just keep finding the way toward the best feeling spot, not needing the manifestation because if the manifestation hasn't happened yet, it means that I still have part of me which resists unwanted (evil). if I resist unwanted, I attract unwanted so I just keep going (know what I mean??). also, if the manifestation hasn't happened yet, it only means that there's still a bit more of an evolution to go, which makes the manifestation become more wanted (for everyone).

along the way, I'm going to throw out some bad ideas, ok? so just don't worry about them. they're probably pivot points to make it easier to find the frequency of what's wanted (for everyone). don't take me too seriously, or rather, I should say, someone has to get the bad ideas out there. no need to be scared or try to resist them from happening. (eg. there's a common idea that if I say a bad idea out loud, I will certainly attract it into my experience. this is not true if you can find the evolution, and focus on, and therefore attract, the evolved manifestation instead).

### 2020-09-03 11:58

some more interesting additions here. I had some more thinking about the whole "resist not evil" idea, and I think it's totally all about my perception, and what I attract that matters. so here we go...

- the iran girl in robert's latest video here: @[youtube](https://youtu.be/kp6H0VSvi9Y?t=681)
- the girl across the street that just moved in that I was puzzled about.
- the girl I saw in the park while picking mushrooms today with a little dog.

dang, I can't really remember any more. when I walked through the park the day before yesterday, I felt some ideas, but nothing concrete. experience tells me that those ideas are likely nosebook, so I'm just going to let them sit for now.

man, I thought there were more than just three. it was a weird feeling because the magnitude of the feeling I had to want to make sure they were written down made it feel like there were more... dang... I can't wait to meet them :)

### 2020-09-04 09:11

yesterday jaron wanted really badly for us to go to the riverwalk. there was also this really weird time-portal like think that happened where I was telling jaron and chris about ivy, then the same time when we came back chris was telling us about his daughter and garden snails. I also noticed a huge jump in how I felt, and the only thing that was constant was that weird ivy/garden snail feeling. it was weird. anyway right afterward, when I was telling chris this, I nocticed some peple walking up part down below. I honestly didn't get a very good look. I could feel one of them pretty strongly, but I was mid-sentence and totally still adjusting (feelingwise) to the new feel that happened after the time portal.

this got me thinking about a lot of things, and I traced the feeling back to essentially two (but there may be more) items of interest for them.

1. these new girls seem to have something to do with helping to make a bigger disaster in the next time around (bigger disasster)
2. they seem to want more for some reason, and it seems that these new ones coming are optimised because they will have or do have strong enough desire now to make more timelines with me. (more simultaneous timelines)

I've noticed a very interesting effect with them, as they seem to be quieter (perhaps this is nosebook censoring their feeling in my experience), but they seem to have stronger magnitude to them, which is really cool. ok, here's the riverwalk list:

- I can't really figure out which one was the one I could feel after the time portal. there was one doing a cartwheel, I think a older one, and a younger one. I'm not certain about any of this, as I can't focus and talk at the same time. anyway, because I can't figure it out, all three are invited, for any of them if they want to join.
- there was also a black girl that seemed quite interested in running my direction near to the beginning, and her parents were calling her, and I didn't feel anything at the time, however, last night it was impressed upon me that there may be desire, so I'll leave this completely up to her and say that if she wants to, she may certainly join
- then, there was the clearly obvious one which her father said hi to us, and she waved at me (us). very cute :)
- I think that was it from the riverwalk, but I don't feel like I remembered them all, so I'll stay on the lookout here and I'm sure she'll pop into my head if I missed one...

here's another set as well:

- @[youtube](https://youtu.be/kp6H0VSvi9Y?t=681) in that same frame, there is also a girl on the right there, and I didn't consider because I didn't feel anything coming from her at the beginning, but then yesterday and last night I began to feel her. she feels kind of quiet, and it's interesting how in the picture, her clothes kind of camoflauge her almost to where she blends into the background, which I don't at all mean as a bad thing. she feels kind of transparent to me, but when I think of a transparent person, I think about someone who is easy to see through their façade, but she is just the opposite in some ways... hard to explain, but I like it :)
- I was also reminded of a girl that I lived next to in valverde named fátima. she is of course invited, but I guess I hadn't specified clearly.
- yesterday there was a whole bunch of reactions around comedy central's south park where, people seemed to be relating me and events around it. I really liked the stick of truth game and have found quite a few of the episodes hilarious. I seemed to get symbolic comparisons to kenny in stick of truth (he's the bad guy), and to randy... anyway, all very funny in my opinion and I was really enjoying how hilarious people think buttsex is. besids that, I kept getting this feeling that one of matt or trey's daughters were interested. as I'm writing this, I realise it's not actually the first time I had felt it. I felt it a long time ago after I watched a documentary on them, but it vanished.  I don't know for sure if they have daughters, but I think one of them at least does. I couldn't really trace it well, but the conclusion I came to is that it felt like it was likely matt's daughter. yesterday I could feel her pretty strongly too, but I (for whatever reason) just kept forgetting, then I nearly forgot a few times today too.. I don't know what is happening, and I'm not sure where the resistance is coming from (is it trey?), but I have felt them vanish and reappear so many times. man, I dunno, but we have to find a way to make this feel better first. I'm just going to let this sit for a bit.

### 2020-09-09 23:01

I let this stack up for a bit because I felt some resistance to some of them and other things too, however, I'm ok with it, and think that it'll have a positive outcome in the end.

- last friday(?) I went to dr. richardson's pediarist(?) office for a foot thing. at the front desk, there was this weird interaction with the girl at the front desk... I felt desire and I felt resistance (split energy) here cause it seemed to go in both directions (and others). anyway, I'm good with it.
- that same day, right after that I was sitting in the car, and I was staring at a girl on the slide with blonde hair. later that night while star watching, it was impressed on me that there was desire there. not strong, but not really resisted either, so good :)
- that same night, while star watching, I lost consciousness or something (I can't really remember), but I was halfway between consciousness or something when a girl wearing(?) black kind of like inerrupted or something the dream sequence or something like that and the dream was aborted as a result and I woke up. later during the sunrise I was thinking about that and it seemed strange to be interrupted by a girl like that. I also wasn't sure how in the world I would write this, because what does that even mean, know what I'm saying? real girls are getting into a nosebook controlled dream state??? seems crazy, and how will they identify who she is right? well, the crazy thing is, I can certainly feel her and she seems pretty determined, too, so it has to be a real thing. crazy man... she's totally invited :)
- tonight I had a sudden weird urge to go upstairs and paused on the screen of mom's TV was a girl with bangs. at this point it feels like someone is just making this sort of stuff up and putting false feelings into my body or something, but I could feel her, too.. anyway, yeah man if that's a thing, sure :)
- finally, in the very last question of the @[abe-now](2020-09-05) broadcast, there was a story of a woman with twins 11 years old, and I could feel the girl in that one too. dang, ok :) sounds good to me


I really don't understand how all of this is happening, and I don't really get it all (in the big picture form). I wish I could say something like I know exactly what's going on, but I only have really good guesses :) my logic tells me this is all pretty crazy, but my feelings tell me it's all fine, and everything is working out perfectly -- which is really weird, because I *should* be freaking out at this point. I dunno man. I feel great anticipation, which I can't really describe, which I know is a really good thing. I guess that's all that matters.

I feel like I forgot something here. I'll add it when I remember...

oh yeah, I was just reminded. I feel like the resistance has subsided around the daughters of matt and trey (actually, it feels kinda like giving up, or some form of futile effort). anyway, they're definitely invited if they want to join.

### 2020-09-11 12:46

I was going to write this last night (early this morning) but I went to slepp anyway. I woke up with a good feeling (see @[entry](2020-09-11 10:26)), cause I've really been coming to realise how inevitable all of it is, and it's starting to get really fun. anyway, here's the list:

- I was watching another of robert's videos (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZjMMKUMllA)) where a girl was playing a Nyckelharpa, and I felt her pretty strongly. I wasn't sure at first, but it kept growing and stuff... yeah man, if she wants to join, I think it'll be fun. I really do like that instrument too... the multiple sounds resonances are really cool sounding!
- also, when watching at the end here @[youtube](https://youtu.be/exIYfTkcatg?t=966), I could feel something again. I later felt a little bit of contradictory feelings on the subject, perhaps around the idea of if I should invite the one facing the camera or both. I think I'd like to invite both and then let them deicide what they want to do..
- lastly, a really weird one: a while back I was watching jaron watch a SNL short and I can't remember much of it now, but it was something to do with baseball or soccer or something and throwing like a girl or something. I really can't remmeber very well at all. anyway, there was a girl in there that has popped into my head a few times this week. I remember I first was reminded of her around the time that I remembered the girl in black. anyway, then I forgot about it, then it came again a few days later. I forgot about it again. I decided I was going to invite her just in case she wanted to come, but then when I wrote out the one where I mentioned the girl in black, I forgot about the SNL girl again and instead wrote about the girl in black. they seem linked in my mind somehow...

anyway, about the girl in black: I really have no idea anything about her. first, I can't actually see anything in my eyes, so when I'm experiencing these dream-like half-conscious states, I really don't have any idea what is happening. I get a sense of things, but it takes a bit for me to recognise it, and the flash went away really fast. when I say black, I mean skin colour, hair colour, maybe the colour of her clothes, or something. to me, I can't really tell, so I don't really know. it could have simply been a mnemonic for me to remember the SNL girl, or something else. if it's something else, then LOA will make it become apparent, so there's nothing to worry about here. I'm not really calling anyone a colour or trying to see something that's not there. I just remember that pretty clearly, and literally nothing other than that.

to kind of understand what it's like to see things without them having a physical form, I think I figured out a way to describe it: imagine that you're looking at a blurry image, but none of the colours have any relation to each other (so they don't make any shapes, but you can kind of feel all these different shades of colour at once). then, to kind of "get" what's happening in the scene, imagine that these different colours are kind of like moving around, pulsing, expanding, or making other geometrical movements. their rhythmic movement combined with the cloud of colours that I feel different shades of while it moves gives me an impression of what that kind of feels like. the colours are "feelings" not real colours. some things are very specific and I can easily feel exactly what they are. they smell, taste, or appear like something I've smelled, tasted, or seen before, and so it's only recognisable in similarity. they can also be composite thing too, like a mixture of something I've see, with a smell, or taste, and a colour (like red and bubbly) or feeling (like maybe fun or exciting).

these sensations do not make a "real" physical sensation inside of my body, but I can sense their position in relation to other things as well. the more I concentrate on the concept the clearer and more tangible it becomes until I essentially become so consumed with the feeling of it, I become it.

this is probably more powerful than visualisation, and honestly I don't use it as much as I should. also, this sensory organ is very rapid, and there's no limit to how many of these feelings can exist in the space of my mind (or emotional body) at the same time, and as one practises any of these feelings (or their sub aspects) can be isolated and/or amplified at will. I can also easily be doing other things while performing these operations -- and, especially as I get better and better at it, that it's becoming more and more "natural" to me to kind of let a multitude of these different sensations exist at once in my being. they don't hinder me anymore unless I focus on one that isn't harmonious with my present physical/emotional state.

I feel like perhaps something is off still, but it's ok because at the same time I feel great anticipation to meet them :)
