# my failures
## autobiograpgy of kenneth bentley
### forward

I promised riann that I would write my autobiography, and that I would do it from the perspective of my other hemisphere. however, after some thought, I decided against this format because I would have to make up a whole lot. I simply do not have access to my other hemisphere anymore. I imagine that there are a lot of people who interact with that hemmisphere, and could much more accurately tell what that personality is like.

so, because I don't really know what my other personality is like, I have instead decided to write it more from a perspective of discovery of what that personality is really like. I still have yet to really know, so it'll be interesting. usually, an autobiography is written at the end of someone's life, to kind of summarise the experience that person has gained during their life. I consider this a fun idea, because I will consider this to be what is in fact happening, and to some extent it will summarise the discoveries I have made in the process of all of this from kenny's perspective kind of like an end-of-life sort of look in the mirror.

I feel I am going to eventually become conscious in this other personality, and it'll probably overtake the one I'm currently conscious in. however, I don't really know what to expect, and neither do I really want to put too many expectations either, so instead of risking sounding like I'm making this entire thing up, I have decided instaed to write this from the perspective from which I am conscious right now (kenny's) as if I am discovering this new personality that has been embedded inside of me.

not all of the information will be factual, because I simply cannot be hassled anymore to try and work out what really happened exactly -- and I'm not concerned very much with the details, either; because, in the end, the only thing that matters is, the concept that remains in your mind from the experience -- that is, how you feel about the whole thing. that feeling can (and should) be modified pretty easily by redefining what things mean in the memory to change how it feels (or rather the concept associated with it).

I have done a lot of that redefinition, so details may not be very accurate. sorry about that. also, even though I am writing this in a sort of end-of-life sort of perspective, this is also only a bit of a snapshot my present state. I will likely continue to refine and redefine my definition of myself, so all of this is, in my perspective already outdated.

### chapter one :: a dramatic change of pace

on april 04, 2000 I had a brain haemorrhage in the part of my brain that affects my movement. I lost the ability to move the left side of my body. it was a weird experience because I was in the citrus college gym in glendora doing some non-at-all trenuuous weight lifting. I was on the machine where you straddle a bunch and push some pads forward. when I got up, I suddenly felt lighter, but it didn't feel like anything was wrong. I think I lost consciousness for a second even though I vaguely remember falling over to my left. I next remember myself on the ground and some people were around me trying to figure out why I was laying on the ground. I remember very clearly that I didn't thing anything was the matter. I felt fine, and I don't remember any pain in the moment either.

it was the weirdest thing because I couldn't really determine anything was the matter. even though I was laying on the ground, I didn't think much of it. I didn't really think anything was wrong. however, I started to become conscious of my situation as I realised I couldn't move my left-side. it was the weirdest thing because I was moving it, and it seemed to be moving, yet when I actually looked with my eyes, it took me a second to notice that my body hadn't actually moved, even though it "looked" like it had moved.

I didn't realise this until much later, but when you send the brain impulse to move your body, your body doesn't actually move until a few milliseconds later than when you first thought about moving your body, however, instantly in my mind I could see and feel my body moving. I used to move my body first in my imaagination, and then my body would follow suit.

so, when I noticed that my body had not physically moved, I started to become a bit concerned about things. I just didn't really understand what had happened, and why things were'nt working the way they were supposed to, however I didn't fear death and had a strong sense that things were all right. I really believe the only concern I felt was actually transmitted to me from the people attending to me.

they put me on a helicopter and sent me to the hospital. they wanted to make sure I was lucid so the woman in the helicopter told me to remember two words: sarah and blue, to make sure I was not brain damaged or something.. I thought this was a complete waste of time because I knew I was fine, so I played along. she asked me other dumb questions like who the president was and stuff like that too. I just remember people were running around acting very very concerned. I didn't feel that way at all and it was really bothering me so I kept trying to tell everyone that it was all ok and be as calm and conscious as I could possibly be.

it was all very surreal to me because I felt extremely calm and not at all concerned. people told me that I wasn't going to be able to have full motor function ever again, but that didn't bother me. instead, I was thankful that I had gotton to experience all sorts of great things prior to losing my motor capability.

I have this "problem" since forever; I can't remember not having this, and that is that I've always perceived myself as invincible. prior to this experience I was EXTREMELY DEPRESSED. I couldn't possibly imagine that this is what life was amounting to. I perceived everything as superficial and completely devoid of any meaning whatsoever. I was supposed to like girls and stuff, but they horrified me with their superficiality. I really wanted to occupy myself with something that I didn't consider superficial[^1]. I didn't realise this yet, but you always perceive the things you want to change about yourself, in others -- so I thought girls were superficial and stupid, and I couldn't imagine that this is what life was all about[^2]. it was really me that was superficial and stupid -- but invincible. I knew things would be fine.

I drifted in and out of consciousness for quite a while. I remember that I used to "fly" around inside of the hospital trying to imagine what down the hallway looked like, or what sort of weather was outside. I really was growing quite tired of the hospital situation and wanted to get out. I think because of my thankful attitude and my desire to leace the hospital, I began making rapid progress and was beginning to move my left-side again. it looked like I was going to be able to leave soon.

I noticed my head was leaking fluid though, and this was something that they seemed pretty concerned with. I had a tube coming out of my head that was draining this golden coloured oil that smelled quite strange out into a bag beside my bed. at first it was really bloody, but then it became that golden coloured thing. it was kinda sticky too. it would begin leaking out of my head where the tube attached and I noticed it because it was very conducive to "feeling" the cold aire conditioer air blowing on it. I would reach back and feel it all over the pillow and my partially shaved head. it got everywhere and made the hair that I still had feel extremely gross.

later on, it turns out, that was a big deal because they decided that, because it wasn't draining properly, to install a pipe under my skin to let the CSF drain out of my head and into my stomach cavity. they didn't know it was infected though. to make matters worse, the surgery required to install that caused me to lose all of the movement I had regained in my left-side.

I suffered a terrible time with a staph infection in my lungs before they realised my CSF was infected. they put me on some really high pewered antibiotics and removed the shunt. once again I lost the mobility I had regained in my left-side.

I rexexber that mom would come to read this book to me called "left behind". I also remember her, very distinctly telling me that I had begun to revert back to my old self. she also told me somewhere in there too, "told you so: you're not invincible". these events were memorable to me because I was still struggling with that depression I mentioned earlier.

I don't remember when exactly it happened, and it may have been even as late as after the removal of the shunt, but I really wanted to know what is the reason why I'm here, why am I being punished to endure such a superficial and lifeless world that almost as if it were an answer to prayer, I was met by a radiant being which I knew instantly to be jesus. I had no doubt in my mind that whatever this was about, I wanted to do that. I really did *not* want to be performing the ritual of superficial living. I wanted to be a part of whatever that was...

it's hard to describe that feeling. I was calmly agreeing in my mind, but my feelings were jumping out of my skin because I was sooooo tired of all the boring superficiality of material-oriented and church/christian-performance style living, not to mention that this is quite possibly the most radiant -- you just don't say no to something that impactful -- you know... it's like if life was in greyscale, and then all of a sudden in the presence of whatever this is, everything is now in full vibrant colour. I don't have any hesitation, you know; this is exactly what I was waiting for!

[1]: later on, I moved to spain to work on a social network called "tuenti" -- where once again I was confronted with my deep hatred for the superficiality of women. I'll talk more about it soon, but I wanted to note the echos of the past as a reoccurring theme to be undersood from a LOA perspective.

[2]: we don't really have a concept now about this, because of how much things have changed since: this was a year and a half before before the sept 11 attacks, and life was really different back then. befere the 9/11 reality-check, people were really off in lala-land.

### chapter two :: things leading up to, and probably influenced the event, considerably
