# questions for abraham

as I'm listening to the 4 days a week livestream, I often inspire questions in me. I have no intention of askingt them directly, but they're kinda fun for me to write and think about the question, anyway.

### in the visual metaphor of the "gap" between me and where my inner being is, you gave me the image that as someone lives life their inner being continues to catch (and go with) the expansion that life provides, and sometimes you can close that gap (never can fully) between your physical reality and your vibrational (inner being) reality -- yet, if you don't close that gap, the image that I got is that because your inner being only focuses on your desires and never the gap, the gap would continue to widen and widen until it becomes no longer bearable and you finally die. if one is capable of continually closing that gap, would death continually be prolonged until that gap widens too much?

it seems to me that if that were the case (I think it probably is), then as life continues, the momentum gained by closing the gap would get one "moving" so rapidly, that either the gap would widen really really rapidly and death would come quickly. followup question: would it be possible to get so good at closing the gap, and have so much momentum in it, for life to no longer able to provide big enough contrast to maintain that momentum? (kinda far-fetched, and I know the first step is getting that kind of momentum, but I'm pretty sure I can accomplish it and was wondering.. I have no problem with dying so I think I would probably just want to experience it again with new eyes and just release my consciousness)

### esther was having difficuly reading the cards. however, from my experience, I find this to be unlikely. for me, the more connected I am, the more clarity my eyesight seems to have. does abraham unfocus (blur) esther's eyes because if she were to actually see with the clarity of that much connction, she would be mind-blown by the beauty of even the most mundane details, and this would take her out of the dream-like state she's in?

I believe it is likely blurred. so that brings me to the followup: the other thing I've noticed is that my eyesight is a product of how much resistance (how much contradictory vibration) I'm offereing in relation to who I relly am. I have noticed on drug experiences, when I boost my DMT levels without releasing resistance, my vision improves, yet I feel a very strong "swooning" sensation, as if I'm "stepping back" or getting pulled sidways into a swirling vortex. this seems to happen because there is so much extra physical detail that my brain kind of overloads, as it's not yet used to that faster speed. if her vision weren't blurred would she feel constantly feel that overwheming sensation of so much detail?

### related to the last question: is that visual blurring what the guys at the network are doing to me? when I finally get connected will that amount of detail seem very overwhelming to me? every time tesla went through his massive visual upgrades, he would describe the world as being very difficult to live in, having the hearing accuity to hear flys landing and such (before he got used to it). when I finally get connected, will I have a similar experience? I have often times felt like I will need a period of time -- perhaps weeks or months to be able to accustom myself to the visual and auditory clarity that I am sure is there, even though is being withheld from me by the network operators. how long of a recovery time will I need?
