---
origin: 2017-10-31
title: simulating life dream
stage: 2
---
I had a dream this morning which helps me to illustrate something I have wanted to try to put into words for a long time. in the dream I was some sort of creator of a character/life sim game. it felt pretty facebook-false-reality-esque to me and so I immediately recognised the dissonance of is concept, because, my dreams will normally come from my inner being so I never wake up feeling any dissonance with the dream as a whole[1]. they usually don't make a whole lot of sense, but my dreams do normally feel good to me. so, something is up. this is likely another case of nosebook trying to "guide" me -- however this time through my dreams. it appears that they have stumbled on a dream which is not so dissonant that I reject it completely and have found something that is maybe somewhat plausible?

when I felt the facebook sort of game concept, I was immediately turned off to the idea because I like real-reality. this game felt to me like a movie often feels to me: where I am thrust into a universe in which things do not obey LOA, but instead adhere to some deranged idea about how the writer/producer thinks the universe should respond. often times in a movie, so much important information is left out (for movie brevity probably, lol, could you imagine each important plot-advancing scene in the movie each having 10-20 establishment shots, just to get you up to speed on the character's practiced interaction with each of the different components? the movie would take forever, and your reaction to the final scene would not be a surprise at all -- you'd be thinking to yourself, "duh"). so movies (and likewise games) have the liberty of creating a new reality where things play by different rules. I have no interest in making a game that simulates reality; I really like reality!

so now I'm thinking about why I really like reality, and I started noticing that my dreams usually just take me in a new direction and the content of the dream is only symbolic of that new direction - never literal. why aren't they literal? well, I think the simple answer is that otherwise would be a violation of your free will. additionally, I think it adds to the surprise factor and gives a sense of freshness and new-discovery upon arriving to that particular curve in the road.

to help illustrate, imagine that my inner being knows that I will really like to meet this girl. I don't know her yet, and she's only a conversation away from becoming someone special in my life. my inner being could give me a dream which shows her sitting at a cafe on tuesday at 9am. the dream is so vivid that I know what she looks like, and even gives me some sort of conversation starters so I can kind of ignore my insecurities for the first 30 seconds of our conversation. you think that's what you want, but it really isn't. when too much information is given, it becomes an "objective" and all sorts of expectation is built up. this creates unnecessary stress to perform in a somewhat forced situation. it's too direct.

so, how does our inner beings guide us toward that encounter without giving so many details and thereby making it feel natural? well, imagine for a moment that you are a writer and so this morning your dream had you working in a bakery baking all of these magnificent pastries. you wake up a little earlier than usual with pastries on your mind. you don't have any pastries at home and going to the supermarket so early in the morning when you want to begin writing seems a bit off, so instead, you decide that this morning you're going to do something a bit different and go write in the cafe. you get there at 8am and enjoy a perfect morning writing. after a little bit you've got your creative juices flowing and are beginning to need a break when all of a sudden this girl walks in the door. perfect time to grab another cup of coffee. conversation starts naturally, and develops well. it has been your tendency in the past to kind of take the conversation out a bit too long by focusing on results (did I get a number, etc.) but since you've had the dream about baking pastries, the idea that things take time and cannot be rushed is more present in your mind, so you don't really freak out. you go to sit down thinking about this incredible person you just met and focus on your writing again, feeling great about what just happened when she comes over interested in what you're doing. things happen and she leaves wanting to meet again. nice.

----

the less you know about where exactly you're going the more fun it is. have you ever tried to talk to someone who is trying to hide their intentions? they dance all around the subject, but never actually touch the subject - or maybe they do, but just briefly, but they move on quickly to another side issue. that's kinda what your inner being is doing with you all day long.




#### notes

[1] since I have been practicing to become a master of step 5, this could have been one of my first step 5 dreams. I felt the dissonance, yet it aided me in formulating thought which would lead to this discussion and further thought about how our inner beings communicate with us. YAY!
