---
title: thoughts on last night's discussion
date: 2018-02-21
---
hey dude,

after last night's conversation I gave the subject some more thought. I think I'm on the right track. as I laid down to go to sleep I was thinking about how my natural instinct is to distance myself from this situation, and I realised that there was a not-so-distant moment in the past where I also had various people taking advantage of me, and the most paralysing thing that I did back then, was sit around and smoke weed with the optimistic idea that somehow I would be repaid or some system of justice would vindicate me of my mistakes.

you know dude, expecting people who took things from me to somehow do an about-face and return my stuff, or repay me for damages, is absolutely insane. in fact, it is so absolutely insane that the police force exists because no one expects something like that to ever happen in the first place. movies and other optimistic (mostly religious) thought-forms exist to try and suggest to us, and keep us comforted, that some form of justice actually exists. you have often heard me say that justice does not exist -- a position which I still hold. so, to try and expect these guys to somehow change their mode of operation is also insanity. it is equivalent to me hoping that xagly will somehow repay me the money I gave her to make the bar. it's not gonna happen.

so, to try and maintain any sort of hope that somehow wrong things will be righted (especially by those performing the wrong) is absolutely insane. I feel it is always best for someone who has some sort of feeling that a debt is owed to them, to cut their losses and move forward. even jesus taught this. it's the correct thing to do because the feeling that someone owes me something will always hold me in a perpetual feeling that something is missing, or lost (and someone else can make it right again). I may have foolishly given away a lot of money I earned programming, but I didn't give away the creative capacity that created that money in the first place. no one can give me that back either; I had to realise it was never lost in the first place.

one of the most notable things about myself that people seem to pick up on, is that in spite of what would appear to be, to most people's standards, a crippling loss, I seem to have, not only recovered, but actually come out stronger than before. this time it's no different.

the correct path forward is for me to simply refocus. you know what got me so bent out of shape though? when it was money that people took from me (rather, money I allowed them to take, quite willingly), it was easy for me to cut my losses and move forward because it was only money. money didn't have such a crippling effect on me, because I know my capability and my genius well enough to expect there to be a multitude of future opportunities to make more of it. additionally, I never did anything really for the money. I enjoy the process of creating things.

however, when it comes to my capacities, that is something I hold really really dear to me. I value myself based on my capacity to receive energy, ideas, and all sorts of information in some sort of magical way, this is who I identify myself as. this is me, and to take that away from me, is sort of like destroying me.

though, it's not so different from what happened last time. you see, I was devastated because I had previously identified myself primarily with my creative capacity, and so, to see the product of my creativity squandered by a bunch of people looking to make a quick buck, killed me... however, that process was instrumental to my understanding that I am much much more than just my creativity. creativity is a part of me, and it hasn't gone anywhere at all -- even though I appeared to have lost the physical evidence of that part of me -- and, in that period of downtime, I gained a new appreciation of my energetic and receptive nature.

this time, (as a way of showing the comparison) I now identify myself as this new person with energetic and receptive capacities, and once again I find myself in a situation where some people are squandering the product of my discovered energetic and receptive capacities. however, it is likely that these new people squandering my "identity", will be instrumental in a new understanding that I am much more than just those energetic, and receptive (and also creative) capacities. my ability to receive energy is an integral part of me and hasn't gone anywhere at all -- and, even though it may appear as if I have lost the physical evidence of that -- I'm now gaining a new appreciation of the idea of who "I AM".

---

everything is in order. nothing is going wrong at all. I'll send you a future email with thoughts about some of my "goals" for this section of marked growth in my life, however, I believe it's important to emphasise the fact that I have in fact become conscious of this pattern of growth, and that my realisation of it, is the most important takeaway from this discussion.
