# 2002.01.05 - Houston, TX

since my primary goal is to think thoughts that feel good to me, I will attempt to navigate around thoughts that do not feel good. we have seen throughout history various examples of different sources of control, essentially affecting how certain subjects feel. for example, take the subject of sex. it used to be seen as something very taboo, and often even sexual thoughts could make someone uncomfortable -- even though, arguably they are often some of the most pleasurable. or, take for example the subject of drugs. this is another thought which we has been trained to feel discomfort regarding the subject.

one of the advantages I have is I tend to think whatever it is I'm going to think, and other people's perception of the subject doesn't really enter into the picture. much like a child, before he begins to be socially educated on what is taboo and what is not.

as I think about this subject from a broader perspective, I can see that really the only power anyone has is to affect the way someone feels regarding a specific subject. so, then that means that the most "dangerous" people are actually those that follow their own guidance system (feelings) on a subject, not letting social pressure and norms dictate how that subject feels to them. obviously then, the next most "dangerous" people, are those that cannot be socially shamed into behaving in accordance with the social standard usually determined by dominating institution responsible for regulating people's behaviour -- whether that's the sheriff, the pope, or your family.

---

therefore then, I believe it is of utmost importance, that people are capable of determining for themselves their own feeling relationship with any thought or idea, disregarding any outside conditioning to feel any certain way about it.

it's important to guide yourself by choosing thoughts that feel good to you (even if those trying to control you would like to to feel otherwise)

---

if you can remember, you can visualise. whenever you are remembering something, an image will come up

I didn't really realise how much this affects me, because I wasn't really conscious of it. the visualisation process is kinda queuing up similar reality experiences for me.

my motor is always running and my car is always in gear. therefore, I'm always moving in some direction, and I get to steer... I steer it visually (which generates an emotional response to that conjured virtual reality)

if I'm remembering an insult -- that's where I'm going.
if I'm remembering a part of my body not working so well -- that's where I'm going.

---

resist the temptation to talk about anything that's going wrong
and start to talk about how I'd like things to go
begin creating a virtual reality
focus on how that virtual reality feels and keep that in focus
