### intro

12:34 - navigational systems only work if your journey is understandable; otherwise you are lost.

13:00 - not being upset with where you are - then, and only then can you live in the present and be the powerful deliberate attractor to your experience that you are.

13:16 - in the moment you start loving where you are - you may not love everything about where you are ... you could release enough resistance to begin to let in the circumstances and events that you're asking for.

14:15 - only two types of emotions: good feeling ones and bad feeling ones. in the good feeling range is a feeling of empowerment and freedom. in the bad feeling range is a feeling of disempowerment and bondage. all emotions fall into those ranges.

15:20 - "when you feel fear, isn't it always because you feel that you cannot control something?" - perhaps one of the reasons why I am so fearless is because I make very little effort to try and control anything other than the way I feel. also, I will notice that all of my recent bouts of fear, I believe stem directly from an inability to control the way I feel. it sort of locks me into place every time that I am aware that some other guy is pulling the levers inside of my head and I have no control over that.

16:16 - the difference between the action journey and the emotional journey:

when you say, "I am sick and I want to be well." you think that is the journey.

##### action journey

an action journey would say, I *need* to find someone that understands what's wrong with me, so that *they* can give me some solution that I can apply. I *need* something to help me to get from where I am (which is where I don't want to be) to where I want to be.

the action journey usually takes time.

##### emotional journey 17:06

an emotional journey would say, I *want* to find the feeling of relief that wellness will bring. I want to release the confinement of fear and replace it with the feeling of well-being.

instead of making action to create the feeling of wellness, find the feeling of wellness and watch reality conform to your feeling.

---

this is an interesting idea when put like that, because I am clearly taking the action journey, *needing* *them* to provide some solution to my bodily condition.

all of this gives me a stronger desire for empowerment and freedom. as much as I might think that I want them to flip some switch and suddenly I feel tremendous, I don't want to rely on them. I want to figure out how to feel that way whether their switch is flipped or not. I want to feel the freedom to feel how I want to feel about anything I want, not letting anyone's attempt to make me feel a certain way about something influence me.

perhaps I have lost my way a little bit trying to remedy my situation with action - when what I really want is that feeling of self-empowerment. *I* *want* to find out how to feel how I want to feel for myself, despite the circumstances.

...
