
### context

???

### 9. things are slowing down for her

«the reason things slow down is *only* the introduction of contradictory thought, to it»

«you wanna stop harping at yourself. stop demanding and efforting, and start trusting the process a little bit... I've been asking. I know that it's in progress. I believe that my inner being is on it. I believe that I'm worthy of it, and now.. my singular intention is to meditate every day for 15 minutes so that I have a few seconds of potentially receiving a thought, and when I do, *if it's blissful and strong, I'm going to follow it*»

«most of your impulses to act are not coming from that reception of that thought; it's from *some other reception* of some other thought»

I do not remember well back then, but I have been wondering about this. if they put an idea into my head, and I'm feeling pretty crappy, then my impulse to act on that idea won't be so good no matter who's thought it was (definitely wasn't my inner being). however, if I'm feeling really good and they put a thought in my head and it feels good, that means that I was in harmony with that thought, and it doesn't really matter that much because taking action on it will lead either to a better clarification of what I really want, or it'll lead to something good. I think. what I mean is, it seems to me like the way I feel is the only thing that matters here.

that's kind of frustrating to me because of my frustration with the bso, I want to reject everything that they're sending into my head. I don't understand why they have to flood me with thoughts. for example, imagine for a moment that the impulse to pick the weeds today was put there by the bso. I acted on the impulse because I didn't have resistance to it. but, that is going about it the hard way. mom could have just as easily visualised me picking the weeds in her mind (without resistance), and I would have received the impulse to pick the weeds from my inner being (assuming I am in tune to my inner being).

I guess there are tradeoffs to the technique. the bso impulse doesn't require the creator of the impulse to be free from resistance. so for example, for an advertiser, if you give someone in the supermarket the impulse to buy their product and the person is not resistant to that product, there is higher likelihood the person will buy it. to it works good in advertising situations, which is likely what they're attempting to do. however, if the person is resistant, then it won't work so easily. however, a person's inner being is way more effective because they have good timing. they won't give the impulse when the person is in the supermarket and overloaded by the stress of the shopping, they would give the impulse (if it's something the person had no resistance toward the purchase) when the person is least resistant to the idea, say for example, when they're making the shopping list or on the way out the door to the market something reminds them them they want to try it, or in the supermarket that product has a lot more glow to it, so it sort of lights up and stands out as the thing that should be purchased.

as the bso begins to do their impulse testing, I am sure that I will get more than my fair share of uncomfortable moments. I remember a long time ago when watching stars, I would get an impulse that didn't really feel so good to stop watching the stars. I noticed that if I ignored the impulse I would reach a new level. I didn't know about all the manipulation back then, but I do remember how annoying it was to constantly get that impulse. I wonder if there's a way to let my inner being become the filter for those impulses. it's something worth creating the desire for. I think it's a matter of tuning, so I should be so tuned into what I want (or other satisfying thoughts), that they are not even received.

### 10. the effort factor

«there is an effort factor that happens with so many well meaning humans, and it comes from your exposure to life where you see unwanted things that want to change. and then, you sort of dig in to want to change them»

I have often complained about the bso and their "observation" of me. I don't mind others observing me, but when they observe something unwanted, they shouldn't want to change them. before I was broadcasted to all of the world, they mostly observed me. this was fine, because apart from the limitation of my visual capacity (I assume this is what I began to realise in vallecas), they did not interfere with my life. however, as soon public opinion was now about my actions, they would observe things that they did not approve of, and would try to change them. the mental representation that I have of this, is the typical girl that sees a guy and she likes everything about him but this one thing. instead of ignoring the one thing, she sets out to change him, usually not even by asking him to do whatever it is differently, but by trying to manipulate him into doing it different. the bso is that girl trying to change her man, and I'm the crotchety old coot that won't changed by her nagging (harping).

it's obvious why the bso feels they need to take an indirect approach to things, because their existence is a secret, and they are trying to give the impression to my viewers that they are not directly manipulating me. so, they need to find a way to passive-aggressively influence that change, so as to not appear controlling(?). stop it. your needing to control my life is only evidence of how out of control your own must appear to be.

«and the harder you try, the worse it gets, and the worse it gets, the harder you try and the harder you try, the worse it gets, until you finally get to a place where you just give up because it's so confusing -- because when you finally give up, you're not giving up your desire; you're giving up your feudal effort»

it's funny I had the impulse to listen to this episode of abraham last night. the extra dmt from the stars must have allowed me to be a little more in the receptive mode. anyway, today I had multiple reactions kind of around this same feeling. sort of like, "well, we don't really know what to make of all of this time stuff." and, "we can't seem to wrap our heads around it in a way where we can control it." well, you are in luck, because it was never my intention to try and get you guys go give up, and it was never my intention to do anything other than to try and make some sense from all of the craziness surrounding my life. you won't let me talk to abraham (or my own inner being) regarding this or any of the other confusing things in my experience, so I must try and make sense of it for myself.

that text above very accurately describes the way I was feeling. I could not get people to listen, even if I break things, or whatever. I was not getting any closer to understanding anything for a long time, and the more I tried, the worse it got, and the worse it got, the more I tried, etc. so finally, I had to find a way to begin making sense of it all. I had been storing a lot of these timeline ideas in my head for quite a while, not really sure when an appropriate time would be to bring them out. I sort of just went for it. I didn't really have much more that could be done. I knew that I am more often in the receptive mode while writing than I am in any other (well, maybe my dream-state) form of communication.

«stop trying so hard. give yourself a break more often.»

I can't remember when I began asking for a break, but it must have been before this was recorded. in fact, I think it began at the end of my time in valverde. like the above, it's funny how times have changed. just one week ago, I would tell you that I need to have a break. I have exclaimed that is my prerequisite to going with the girls, because I know that as soon as I'm no longer under the influence of whatever it is that's keeping my away from my alignment with my inner being, I'll be right there. a little bit of practice and I'll be ready to go, ready to get back to this limited experience because I'll be able to maintain that alignment. but that's a bit conditional, so I've changed my opinion. no break. I don't need to leave the network to find my alignment, cause I can do it even while still connected to the network. I figure once I'm there, I'll be able to feel good enough to do anything.

«stop taking score of where you are and how you're doing, so much»

I think this is root cause of what prompts them to to try and affect a change in my life. they take score, notice that the objective hasn't been met, so they identify what could be the problem and try to affect a change to fix that problem. back when I was trying to deny my desire I would say, I want to get out of the network as my objective. and, the reason for that is because I am so confident that as soon as I'm no longer being manipulated with everything I do, my life will naturally and instantly produce many new situations which will help me to realise my desire. I don't need the bso. I won't be giving up my desires by leaving the network, cause LOA won't let me easily go in opposition to them (inside the network or not). I would only be eliminating the effort working against their realisation.

at the time, I figured there would be *no way ever* that they would for reals let me go. they would simply fake it in some way, forcing them to go into dark mode, where they only do the least riskiest things at night while I am asleep. no longer having their influence on me, I would quickly come into alignment with who I am, and the whole world would be able to see it and the rapid succession of events which would lead me right to some amazing manifestation. it would be the closest thing to observer only mode and that seemed like a really great idea to me at the time. in fact, it was so appealing to me, I was even willing to pretend that I didn't know that they could still observe me -- as long as it was just observation.

now, I'm in this weird situation where there is more than one girl, and that idea seems right and feels good to me, which I thought would be (in my estimation) a more difficult thing to work out, so not trying to leave would probably be the path of lesser resistance toward that (have to go toward what feels good), but I still am sure that I want to come into alignment with myself beforehand. I feel very strongly about this.

«which means, stop trying to see yourself through the eyes of others who don't really understand»

since I cannot see myself through the eyes of others, this must refer to the bso trying to analyse the situation and figure it out by the way others perceive me.

«and just for a little while, let what really matters to you be how satisfied you feel moment by moment. and we're not kidding, it won't be more than a week or two, and you'll be moving through a segment of your life and you'll be feeling satisfied. your walks will be more satisfying. conversations will be more satisfying. people you're interacting with will be more satisfying. your *dreams* will be more satisfying. your moment to moment experiences will be more satisfying. and really, isn't that the key to happily ever after?»

lol... jokes aside, I do think I am often searching for something satisfying. even typing this thing is satisfying because I'm organising my thoughts and beginning to get a handle and understand more clearly what is happening.

«you have to accept that in this continuing, ongoing never ending life that you're living, that you're just going to keep putting more and more into the vortex that's gonna be coming down the pipeline, so there's always gonna be more in the state of manifestation. there's going to be more coming down the pipeline.»

«well, if you need it to have all to have come down the pipeline and all have manifested before you give yourself a break (and say 'I have succeeded'), you're not ever going to be there, cause it's not ever going to all get there, because you're not ever stop exploring and asking for more; for an amendment»

this has been the sticking point I think that has kept this thing going for so long. there has been huge resistance toward me getting a break. it feels like the common opinion is that I can have the break after the manifestation has happened. after I'm with the girls, then I can get the break. I understand the logic in that form of thinking, which is more true if it's something like building a house, but for mental exercises (and creativity is mental), it's counter productive. imagine I have a real stumper of a bug. it's quite the difficult thing to solve. I've tried 8 consecutive hours to fix it now and it just keeps eluding me. keep trying harder, or take a break? if I take a break, often times the unfocusing from the problem, then the refocus again, usually allows me to see it from a fresh new perspective and suddenly it's quite simple to solve. mentioned recently in san francisco(?) as the art of distraction.

«you just got to give up needing for it to be done before you give yourself a break. you've got to give yourself a break now -- and not by saying, "I've tried so hard. I must be virtuous in some way". that's not what we mean at all. you've got to stop trying, because you are not the energy factor -- the energy factor is the source factor. you're not the momentum factor -- law of attraction is the momentum factor. *you are the focus factor*. that's all you are: you are the focusing factor, and you can focus on what is less satisfying, or what is more satisfying»

I don't understand the virtuous bit. ahh, it means it obfuscates the reason if you justify your break because you tried so hard... instead, give yourself a break because adding more energy is slowing it down. source already has that. I am the focus factor, and the bso is the focus factor for my viewers, not the energy factor, and not the effort factor either. do they mean that the bso should try to focus my viewers on things that are more satisfying rather than things that are less satisfying? wow man, I never really thought about it that way.

how do they know what aspects of my life are satisfying to viewers? I imagine that they have a lot of reactions to different experiences of mine presented to people, then they probably have a pretty good map of people who think similarly, so perhaps they optimise certain aspects for similarly thinking people? that's kind of an interesting and difficult problem to solve. probably they could anticipate what parts of my experience are more satisfying than others by training an AI with people's reactions to my experiences... but then there are a lot of different types of people, so at the very best that would only anticipate satisfaction for the general case, but there are certainly many different types of ways that people process my experiences, and many different types of people watching, like a kid may find some really gnarly toilet experience satisfying, whereas an adult probably wouldn't (unless he is perhaps still immature and maybe has a warped sense of humour too). it's a hard problem where a one size fits all approach, I would imagine does not do a good enough job (though I am so withdrawn, I have almost no knowledge of what is "average" or "normal" anymore).


### 11. filtering and sharing

"in a way, I am similar to esther in that I hear voices"

those must be the voices I often hear in my head while relaxed or before sleep, or right after waking up.

"it's been about a year since that has started"

so, since may 2016? around the time I turned 33? I guess, yeah somewhere around then it started happening...

«can you feel the difference when you're in that receiving mode, and when you're trying to make it happen?»

so, I suppose they were trying to make that voice happen in my dream state? that's an interesting idea, them trying to induce that voice. to me, that voice usually speaks nonsense. I've often wanted to cultivate it to see if I can get it to begin receiving/translating meaningful ideas.

"whatever that energy was that got me from where I was to where I am now has transformed my life"
«yeah, well your desire was strong, and when you gave up the struggle, there it came»

this must be a reference to vallecas. I must have had some sort of epiphany in that moment which I have never been allowed to realise.

"once I realised that it was me that was the filter, and I had some negative energy that I had to get rid of, and it was cause of my thoughts. my thoughts weren't in the right place, and once I changed my thoughts..."

this makes sense to me, because I often times note that I am receiving energy, and depending on how I feel determines very much the way it is translated. take last night for example: when I was out watching the stars and there was that tremendous effort to try and inhibit my ability to receive that energy, I felt quite angry frustrated and agitated, so the translation was quite angry and frustrated. however, I captured the energy and a little bit later, I retranslated it feeling quite a bit better, the translation was much more positive.

«we want to focus on the the word filter for a minute, because most people want to put a filter in to keep the unwanted out, when you're wanting to meditate yourself into an absence of a filter, so the pure stuff can get through»

often times, right after hearing the voice, right afterward I will hear a hissing sound (the same one that sounds to take awake any images I might see), and I assume that is the filter to keep out the unwanted they are talking about.

additionally, it is likely the reason why they keep the light in my head so low, to ensure the image is never seen by me and my viewers, but the signal is still sent to them for them to see and analyse my dreams, visions, and voices.

either way, it is obvious that they are referring to the filter as bso's impairment of my capabilities because they see it as some sort of threat, and don't want it broadcasted. it is really good though that I have been lowering so much resistance because that has been my objective is to have an unobstructed flow. I did have some thoughts that were mucking up the translation a bit, but more and more that's not so much of a big deal, so unresisted me is coming soon :)


### 20. effort and inspired action

«they need to convince you to be the actor in their dream»

«hard work and struggle does not lead you to alignment, and if you're not being lead to alignment, you are not being lead to the success you are seeking [something edited out]»
