#### context

the day after we returned from cedar city for amorina's graduation and stuff.

- pulled the device out from under my eye on the way up
- computer programming ground to a screeching halt.

#### overall feel

it feels like, with the way that they're talking, that during my dream state, they send signals into my mind to excite my imagination (using novelle's technique??). turns out that what used to work is no longer working as well. it also seems like they have been practicing thoughts about what *not to* do -- and abraham corrected her advising them to focus on what *to* do.

it's almost as if they're using my sleep state as some sort of sandbox to try and figure out how law of attraction works -- like they test stuff out in my dream state to see what shows up, then they do some sort of like mind conditioning thing for some other time to practice thoughts or something.

and he wonders why I wake up with paranoia... lol

this also explains the recent changes in this new personality that is being created, as a means of confidently knowing that them feeding all of these bogus ideas into my head at night is just fine, as it doesn't really affect my point of attraction, because I'm not focused on it consciously. the remaining vibration that is discordant with my conscious vibration is just additional contrast that both generates stronger desire every morning, and also allows me to practice getting so good coming into alignment with not only the new vibration of the new day, but the contrast between my new vibration and the residual one that I wake up with from their nightly meddling.

I notice that in previous months, knowing this would have made me quite upset. however, because of my new perspective that this new identity has to offer, I can only see it as an excellent way to increase speed even further. sure, it was a bit rough at first, but that caused an increase in power (like putting a bigger rocket engine on), and once again my momentum is in my own direction.

bring it on :) MORE MORE MORE - I can handle it (and if I can't, I will still find a way)

---

thinking further on the subject, the people in the abraham gathering are speaking as if they were speaking from my perspective. I believe this is false, because every morning I wake up with the additional contrast, that is a clarifying event where the vibrations that were applied during the night which are discordant to me in the morning, create resistance (which is the clarifying moment). so, I think they should not really assume that what they are pretending to be accomplishing during the night has anything to do with me. in fact, if you listen closely to abraham's words, they will say stuff to them like they were suggesting that they do that thing to me, to direct my path, but really abraham is telling them to do it to me, so they can practice that thing for themselves. I suppose it's always easier to meddle in someone else's problems and life, so it's probably pretty good that they got a plastic test mind to try things out on before they can take the risk to try out the ideas in their own lives.

so let's say they practice three subjects in my mind while I am asleep. two of the subjects are subjects that do not align with my inner-being, and one does. in a resistance-free environment, it may be possible to practice those three subjects without creating a whole lot of discord (because it's resistance-free), however when when I wake up, I will feel the discord of the two out-of-alignment to who I really am, subjects. likewise, the one subject that is is alignment with *who I /really/ am*, will be amplified and will resonate with greater fervour.

so, essentially these guys get a plastic test mind to try out their ideas on. when I wake up, they can then see what subjects resonate with me, and what ones do not, because the ones that resonate will be amplified, and the ones that do not, I will figure out how to transform my perception of them to no longer cause me discomfort. that's why they mentioned that maybe they didn't find it if it's not working. that means that through contrast, my reactive consciousness now perceives the same subject differently, in a way which is no longer causes me discord when I wake up. they might try asking me how I now perceive the subject that isn't "working".

I'm really beginning to see the benefit for me on this one because they're offering me free amplification of the things that harmonise with both of us. and on the things that don't harmonise with me, they are allowing me a chance to transform so many aspects of my life in a way which is in alignment with the perspective of my source.

perhaps in the future, they can even practice thoughts that other people would think in the same circumstances. like for example, imagine an experience from my past. there will be a multitude of reactions to that experience from many different people, including my own. imagine piping those other reactions people have about that experience into me. when I wake up in the morning, if I don't have a perception that allows me to perceive their reactions from the eyes of source, then I will wake up with discord and soon practice/transform it into a new perception which no linger causes me discord.

---

everything is vibrational. the things I see are my translation of something that exists vibrationally.

so, when does something vibrational that I cannot see (like a thought), become something I can see?

when does that vibration come into my awareness?

well, when you begin to believe it, or begin to expect it...
(or, when you stop doing the opposite of that.)

at what point do I focus in a way which no longer prevents me from seeing the form of the vibration that already exists?
