
#### context

the last week I have been harping quite a bit about wanting my visual capacity before moving forward with anything. I have began to learn that it's not the visual capacity that I'm seeking, but alignment with who I really am. in the process of letting go of resistant logic and inefficient ways of thinking, I am noticing that there seems to be some changes that occur with my vision, but it's hard to tell.

it seems like they control how good I see out of my own eyes. just like how they put my image into other people's eyes, they also put the image my eyes are seeing into my own eyes... I've noticed everything being slower for quite some time now, but it was only this last week that I have begun to really understand why. it's because they read the image my eyes are seeing, send it to their servers, clean it up and reduce the quality then send that image into my eyes as if I am watching my own experience, but at a lower quality.

yesterday I experimented with melatonin. I took 4 and noticed almost zero drowsiness. I did notice that I was feeling better, and when I went out to watch stars that night, I noticed I had a lot more light in my eyes. I naturally wanted to do stuff like clean my room and other productive things.

today, I took 6, then later another 4 more, and I had even less drowsiness than I did yesterday. it was almost as if I didn't take anything. so, I guess they've found out how to disable that too. seems they are quite determined to make sure I have the dullest senses, ever. I have also had considerable new headaches and stuff as a result of the increased energy.

on the bright side, it seems that I am continually improving my vision, even though I do not get to see it yet. I'm pretty excited to finally get the visual capacity. it feels to me like everything is pointing toward me getting into alignment with myself, as that is the only way that all of this could work out. I don't imagine that this will go on forever. even though I haven't seen any visible improvements to my vision, it does seem that something is occurring, because of the stronger and stronger resistance I feel to watching stars and stuff.

I know that it seems that the girls are waiting on me, and that's fine. I'll take responsibility for the delay. I've been listening to some of the old abraham episodes, and the @[abe](2017-06-24-portland#11) one they talk about what you are bringing to the table. a few months ago, they were trying to push this thing through, and I was really hesitant about it, saying that they should stick us all together, and then we'll do a reevaluation some 6 months later after tensions have lowered and stuff. I recognise that in the present moment, the only thing I will be bringing to the meeting will be lots of frustration and stuff. I reasoned that likely after the 6 months have passed, then I would be bringing a lot less frustrated individual to the meeting.

however, I do not believe there is a way to bring all of us together, without me being in alignment. so, it's all good as that gives me time to continue improving my vision and stuff. I really want to be able to see well, and have my body functioning properly as well. I cannot figure out why it's so important to impair so much of my body function.
