
##### context 2018-11-11 11:41

leading up to this workshop there was quite a bit of a break (3 weeks I think), during which many things happened. I even called 911 twice (once?) as things began careening more and more out of control.

it seemed to me like one of the major things that was happening is, as I began to figure out how to activate more and more my left-eye. as a result, I noticed more and more capacity to go into visionary sequence by activating my right-hemisphere. at the same time, I believe they were trying very much to separate my hemispheres more and more, to ensure that I don't have visuals. I think they accomplished it pretty well, as I have noticed that I am almost fully back to being 100% kenny again.

this split of my sides has given them an entirely new awareness of my two-sided nature. it seems that kenny is pretty robotic and asexual, because in my dreams, it seems to me that they have laid many "traps" for me, which most men would fall for. they're traps almost always revolving around desire, but because I'm so used to maintaining direction in a world of strong desire pulling me all sorts of different directions, the dreams don't even phase me. I see the desire for what it is and move forward.

even if they were able to put the strongest desire ever, the moment when I get out of sync with my direction, I feel such discord, the desire no longer feels good. it's kind of funny too, now that I think about it because they're essentially conditioning me to associate those feelings of desire with strong discord. anyway...

this whole asexual thing seems to be a huge problem for them because one of the most notable feelings I was getting as people were preparing their questions before the workshop is. with me being sexually unresponsive, they're having a hard time figuring out how they're going to keep the women busy and monetised.

it seems that they have figured out quite well how to monetise the masculine brain. however, the feeling I got is that, because I received so much interest from the women, they were depending on me to be the main content creator for the female audience. actually, it would probably be the women having the experience through the eyes of one of the girls -- not through my eyes. it seems they are having a difficult time figuring out what makes me so appealing to the feminine mind.

I wish them the best of luck in their effort to monetise the female mind. I hope they got some satisfactory answers. obviously, whatever they're doing isn't working, so *something* at the very least will need to change to make this accommodate for that. girl power!!! :D
