
##### context (2018-10-06 06:52)

while the week before last was a growing sense of disillusionment, this week has been quite the opposite. as I released more and more resistance, not only did I have *ENORMOUS* breakthroughs visually, but I feel as a whole quite a bit better, and the fast is I think helping quite a bit. I seem to be feeling better every day, despite the food deprivation.

I certainly will be renewing my fasting vows at least once a year now, as I find it incredibly invigorating in almost every way. I cannot imagine how much energy I am summoning now, having the whole nosebook team actively trying to deplete and maintain my body in a depleted state, and somehow I'm still feeling better all the time. it has to be insane. I was talking about it with mom this morning in the car and, once I'm able to bring that amount into focus, it's going to be quite spectacular.

I've started programming again, slowly though. I'm not trying to burn myself out by going full steam like I normally do. except for today when I drank a million zipfizz things, I stopped the coffee and and other things. I'm going to go back there. I seem to feel so good, I actually am more awake and alert without coffee than I am with it.

I've been awake for a bit now (2 days or so), and it feels quite like these guys want me to go to sleep. lol. I think I'm likely going to stay up a while longer, as I want to cause these guys stress. today, there has been a constantly nagging bird; yesterday it was trains -- there were about 30 of them in a few hours.
