#### context

after a few days where my visual capacity began to be utilisable (and I even had a few visions), they decided to clamp down on that, and as a result, I began feeling worse and worse. I guess my great realisation was a good one, but if it were to have been implemented immediately, it would have been probably too fast. the idea needed more energy.

this came at the same time as having some pretty major vision improvements, which also garnered impressive attempts to control the weather and some new very significant loud new sounds in my head. obviously now, I feeling quite a bit worse again, so I came up with new creative ways of transforming my perception in real-time, as to not let all the new energy that's flowing through me (cause I have less resistance, so more amps) come out through an unproductive perception such as anger or frustration.

other notable things were various groundbreaking emails sent to babel. (reminder: you can use those emails also as another source of context). there are some moments (like earlier today) where everything feels distant, unreachable and like the longest waiting game ever. then, other times I have a really strong sense of a growing connection with lyia.

I suppose I have come to "peace" with where I am. there may be a fair bit of depression, because I'm really struggling to program anything. I'm having a difficult time conceptualising anything right now, and anything creative feels difficult and not quite right. I never get to that place where I have the concept. I know what I'm making; I just need to write the code.

on that subject, I'm having a hard time feeling anything at all. I am considering to go back to sleeping with the headphones for a bit so I can get started on some programming again. also later today I had a realisation that I might be able to work something out with a sponsor so I can have a little bit of money so I can purchase the things I feel necessary to still have a creative output while I'm waiting for these guys to figure their stuff out. I don't really know what to do really. I'm literally sitting around all day, and I'm so close to making some really great new web ideas come into being, but I can't feel good enough for it to happen naturally.


#### 3. co-creating and mutuality

when not enough is not enough, it's the resistance that's preventing the more.
everything is always becoming more; it's only the awareness that it's not enough, that prevents it from becoming more (resistance)

---

this man's house in seattle could be illustrative of my relationship with lyia. imagine that she is the one saying that it's possible and that she's seen it happen before, and I'm her partner who says, "I don't think we can find 4 million dollars in two weeks before it goes off of the market" (eg. me saying, "I doubt that the bso could be convinced to let me leave the network and ... all in less than two weeks"). so abraham says, hey man you can instead find thoughts that feel satisfying when you say them, like, "you never know" or "we've got the universe on our side", etc.

his partner was very focused on the currently manifested evidence of their situation. I suppose I do that a lot too. I think it's helpful to find patterns, but I have been recently looking less at patterns and paying more attention to what is wanted/unwanted. it's really helped me to understand the motivations behind what is happening and not lock people into patterns like an AI would do, but instead find only on the wanted parts in the whole mess of stuff floating around.

so let's say only 2 of 10 things are currently wanted, and one of those wanted things (from their perspective) is not even something I would consider as wanted. I am learning that what others want, does not affect what I want, unless I focus on it in a negative way (eg. consider that it's bad or unwanted from my perspective). I've learned to take a pretty neutral stance on whatever it is, however, the way I communicate that may lead others to believe that I'm against it. for example, I have no problem with gays and often am encouraging and supportive, however, if you listened to me speak, sometimes I may communicate in a way which may lead you to believe that I think that homos are less than... lol

another thing I've noticed that I do is often times I communicate in negative as a means of issuing a challenge. so for example, I may say that I don't believe that the bso is capable of x, when in reality I don't feel it impossible that they can achieve x. I want them to prove me wrong. again, faulty communication on my part. I'm not really sure how to improve that bit of communication though because if I explicitly make it into a challenge, that will backfire because there's nothing more annoying than someone that doesn't believe in you, it's someone who takes the high ground and challenges you to something from a position of superiority.

#### 5. her son wants perfection

the woman may be illustrative of my mom, but that is not important. she could be really any of my guides(?) or the people trying to guide me to the right way of thinking... anyway, I'm the son that's looking for perfection in his studies.

"is this a satisfying thought ... and if it isn't, it's probably because it came from something she's seen or music that she's heard ..."

that sort of resonated with me. yeah, I have noticed that I have begun to hear a lot of different songs in my head that which would attempt to spawn thinking similar to the lyrics of the song... for example, today I was analysing the different aspects of how the timelines work and the song, "I'm yours" popped into my head. well, it had a bit of a good feeling and I wanted to look up the lyrics. the lyrics were probably really good, but the impression I had was one of a bit of time shortageness. so, I came to the conclusion that I would instead just let it build -- and that thought felt a lot more satisfying. it doesn't make sense that a thought about no action when I had been feeling a lot of impatience would feel more satisfying.

next the implications of this may mean that they are putting songs in my head at some imperceptible volume. that seems very likely. but the part about the things you see could also be happening too. since I have some sense of what is seen in my imagination, however I'm incapable of seeing it, could mean that they are putting images into my head as well, which I cannot see, also in attempt to try and spawn desired thought patterns.

#### 9. laughter and the departed

the story about woo-woo stevens seemed to remind me a bit of me. when I'm feeling good, I'm really only having fun with myself. jerry's new insight into the story is what sort of made that easier for me to see. I'm probably not going to be remembered as the greatest performer. however, I will likely be the most notable and loved, because in the end it's only about me, and their observation of me will bring them into resonance with that: they will love me as much as I love me.

---

when he says he's been capable of streaming dearly departed consciousness, abraham makes a point that if the conversation is where's the money, you won't get an answer, but if it's how are you doing, then you'll find everything you're looking for.

so, does this mean that they have meditated me and allowed tesla's consciousness to begin speaking through me? (money = inventions in their conversations). you see, it's obvious to me that tesla did not come to incredible understanding of electricity because he did lots of experiments. he studied nature, law of attraction (not law of patterns) and noticed how different things harmonised with each other. he was physical like I am, very interested in the details, but seldom did those details present themselves as evidence of impossibility. he was an allowing person, and he lived the mentality of the inventions he was trying to create. you can see evidence of this in his efforts to stop wars with his inventions. this is no longer a part of his vibration in non-physical.

in his introduction (7. finding balance) he mentioned that for a few days after he was able to translate non-physical, he felt really good. well, if this person is a stand-in for me, please have a look at the context for this event and this will be perfectly understandable: when they deactivated the device in my hand, I felt considerably better, so much so, that I began having visionary experiences. so, it was the absence of the device in my left-hand which allowed me to feel good enough to gain enough connection with my inner being to be able to translate that non-physical energy. then, seeing that I was beginning to have the same capabilities in wake-state, they reactivated the device, and I started to not feel so good again, and that's why that feeling went away.

#### 10. mom has one year to live

I don't really understand the whole one year thing, but they're definitely talking about a deadline in the time shortageness sense. perhaps it means that lyia has only one year more of primary school. perhaps one year = one month, and they're referring to the end of the summer. doesn't matter really because abraham advised him (and I'm assuming he's a stand-in for me), saying that he's taken contrast to levels he never intended (mechanic of the sequence), and that he should cash in those vibrational chips by learning to feel more satisfaction on a regular basis with the techniques they will describe in the following segment (which means I should pay extra attention).

#### 13. letting go of resentment

"the best way to forgive your parents is to think about a barbecue grill" - lol, but the funny thing about the whole bbq grill story is to illustrate that one does not need to feel satisfaction about the bbq grill for it to begin working, but to instead find satisfaction in other things. so it's sort of like saying, "the best way to forgive your parents is to find satisfaction with other things" (law of distraction)

the 20 years ago thing is a reference to the carlene bit about her parents. the parents are the bso. anyway...

---
1. do you think that there would be more ease in trying to undo thoughts about your parents that have bothered you, or to just not think about them at all?
1. do you think that it would be easier to just not think about them at all, or to think about other things?
1. when you're thinking about other things, do you think they might get into the mix?
1. do you think you might notice the dip in how you're feeling, and you might be able to do something about it then?
2. is what you want, connection with your inner being, or something else?
2. is it easier to be in the receiving mode when you think about some subjects more than others?
[something is edited out here which is "that" in the following question]
2. when you find things that you feel satisfied about, and therefore are in the receiving mode about, does it seem logical to you that(?) would get easier and easier to do?
2. does it feel logical to you, that just be deciding, I'm not going to think about my parents for a while; I'm going to think about the receiving mode and about satisfying thoughts -- is it logical to you that your ability to focus on satisfying thoughts would get better and better at it.
3. does it also feel logical that still, when you think back about your parents, that you would dip?
3. does it feel logical that, the more you find yourself in the receiving mode and the more you feel satisfaction, that the less it matters whether you think about them or not?
3. does it start to feel like *figuring it all out is less necessary*, and just *feeling good is more necessary*, *so that it's no longer the big thing that you've always made it out to be*?
4. does it seem that being in the receiving mode is a lighter easier thing, than forgiving your parents?
5. is forgiving your parents mean your in the receiving mode?
5. but does being in the receiving mode mean you have to forgive your parents? (no = hard way, yes = easy way)

#### 14. how weird should he be?

"your true power is in alignment ... when you're truly in-sync with who you are, there is a leverage in that and you can feel it -- but ... *once you begin to find a consistency with your relationship with your inner being, and you let that rise to the most significant level, and you let everything else take a back seat to that -- so that you decide you're going to be true to you, no matter what* -- then, what you begin to notice is that a good number of them rise and join you, and the ones that don't just vibrate right out of your existence and are a non-issue"

I don't understand this quote. it doesn't make sense to me. what are they granting me with?

when somebody who has loved you and felt that way about you, now is (disconnected) then holds you as the object of their attention and what they see disappoints them. it's easy to understand why you would take that personally, because:
you gave them the power to grant you ...

I gave them the power to
	grant me [their approval?] ...

they must be referring to letting other lovers be a replacement for his inner being, and india = return to spain(?)

there's so much edited out, it's hard to make sense of what they're talking about. he's probably a stand-in for a person (in the bso), perhaps andrea; it seems similar in the symbology.

"you are always broadcasting"

#### 17. a birds-eye view

I really like the words they say that, even if every single one of us were to decide to all pinch ourselves off from non-physical (something that is illogical and impossible), that even still, well-being would remain dominant.

I just really like that a lot because I tend to push against things, mostly now for entertainment value, but I do know what it was like to think that the world could end, and not have the knowing that life never has been better on a global scale.

on a personal scale I am beginning to realise this as well. without a doubt, I am a more vibrant and magnificent person today than I would have been if it were not for the bso's limitations. even with all of the pushing against that I did, and the dissatisfaction I experienced in the process, I do not believe I would have acquired such a wonderful "mechanical genius" to take a ride in. it will be a whole lot of fun to drive 100's of mph on mountain roads (not direct journey). it's good to get a little extra contrast to get some extra energy going.
