
##### context

the night before I was watching stars without taking ibuprofen. everything went well and I thought for sure I got a vision upgrade. the moon was really full, so there were a lot of clouds in the beginning of the night, but around 3:30 or so I was able to go out and enjoy impressively crisp looking stars. there were no "nosebugs" (the fake insects which make sounds to try and distract me) and I went through with the experience rather effortlessly. after staying until the sun came up, I went to go inside. I decided that I likely had a vision upgrade cause things looked a bit fresher, but I woundn't be able to tell until the morning. I laid down to sleep and when the traditional sleep frequency comes on, normally I can sort of ignore it, because it's now only really annoying more than anything. however, after watching stars, it's always considerably more irritating. what happens is, I get sudden flashes of anger and I feel really agitated. I believe what is happening is they hold my head at a frequency, and during the day, the power of my focus kind of lets me override that frequency a bit. it just makes me more sluggish, like if a car could normally accelerate 0-60 in 5 seconds, it takes considably longer because I'm trying to go at a different speed than it wants me to go.

however, when I begin to relax, often times I get images in my eyes when that happens, so they have to put a really strong frequency to try and prevent it. while meditating, I used to relax but that frequency was so agitating that I stopped meditating for a while. I have recently been able to keep thoughts out of my mind for some time by focusing, and so that frequency is only annoying more than anything (more on this in a sec). previously I was really good at meditation until I started getting images in my eyes. at first they would shock me when I saw the images, now though they just do the anti-images agitating signal. I don't see images, but I can't really relax and let any energy flow either.

earlier on this week, I was much more serious about trying to meditate. relaxing was not at all helpful, so I just maintained my focus on something like the sound in my head that frequency makes, or the AC blower. I never really relaxed and felt that detached feeling, but I did get a clear mental space for a while, and I had the strangest thing happened. at the end of the meditation I had an idea pop into my head, to look up online how to let the air out of the tires. the strange thing was, the idea felt good to me too. I had no resistance toward the idea. I wasn't angry at the time so I just kind of ignored it and moved on with my day. I thought about how weird that was a few times more, but I had certainly forgot about it by the time last night rolled around.

so this morning, I'm laying there and the frequency comes on. I don't even get mad at it I just catch it early and go to get ibuprofen. I go back to my bed and the thought pops into my head to look up online how to let the air out of the tires... the thought felt really compelling, so I did it. first, I was surprised at how easy it was... a screwdriver and that's it -- why didn't I ever think of that before, and why did I need to look something up online that now looks so extremely obvious now (the screwdrivers were even sitting right next to the car). I sorta felt a little stupid for having made so much fuss over breaking windows before when this is so unbelievably simple. so I unscrewed the cap and I was expecting a lot of air to flow out quickly... something much more dramatic, but it took forever to empty the air out of the tire. lol

the whole time, I wasn't angry at all. it just felt like the right thing to do while waiting for the ibuprofen to activate. I get back and then I realise that it's saturday morning and the workshop will begin in a few hours. I found that humorous.

---

leading up to it, I had kind of given up on the whole thing, as I had made a very strong decision that I wanted to find alignment with myself first, before I do anything. I thought maybe I wanted to have my visual capacity before doing anything or something else, but then zehra posted an excerpt from the @[abe](2018-07-28-long-beach) workshop, and I really understood what it is I'm looking for:

```youtube-JzfIK3niEaw
9:40 - and then, as you said, things are really going the way you want them to.
it's just this threat that he sort of holds over your head --
it's almost a little bit like, "if you're not really good, then I'll be bad"

*you find all kinds of ways to control each other, and most of it is about monitoring behaviour,* but

you want to be *uncontrollable* by others!
you want to be *so good at finding your own satisfaction,* that nobody is the boss of you

you're in complete alignment with your inner being,
and therefore everything you've asked for,
and therefore everything you want is coming,
and so nobody has a hold over you

and do you know, *that's what he's trying to tell you*
*that's what he wants.*

it's not all of those other things that your crazy mind is making you think that it is

*all he wants, is just to know that he's the boss of him.*

that's all any of you want --
and you're not going to discover that until you show yourself the satisfaction factor
and you hold yourself in satisfaction most of the time

then, almost anybody could come to you and say any thing, and you'd be like, "ok"

you wouldn't feel threatened, or abused, or venerable, or victim, or any sort of jeopardy...
you'd just know that they don't understand, and that's ok
and you'd just wish them well, even though you want them to understand
because you'd like them to live a more secure life,
because if they lived a more secure life, they wouldn't be trying to control other people like you

```
