
##### context

the last few days, since sept 11 when I agreed to do the thing, I quickly realised that nothing is anything of what I want. I've had phases of depression, and I think I've finally given up trying to make anything happen with action. I've realised the futility of trying to get out of the network by trying to remove the devices myself. when they want to, they will finally let me out. I've decided to simply continue on and just let the desire for my freedom, and self-control to just continue to build.

I also quit listening to the new abraham workshops. they really put me on edge and bring me back to a moment in time that feels like such a long time ago, yet at the same time, not enough time has passed yet, that I get sucked into it. it still pisses me off hearing people speak from my perspective: why don't they just ask from their perspective, instead of assuming they have idea what is going on in mine? so, hearing other people speak from my perspective kills me a bit on the inside because I become very aware of just how clueless they all are, and I want so badly to set them straight, but it's a losing battle. certainly with all of the information they have on me, yet they're still that far off, either someone's lying to them about what's really going on, or, it's really hopeless. if they want to know, they can just ask. offering information and trying to correct their bogus ideas is like trying to answer a question that was never asked. the desire to hear the answer has to be there enough for them to even attempt to hear the answer I would give them.

second is the problem of the fakeness. all of the questions nowadays are just euphemisms or made up stories vaguely relevant to something they don't want to reveal. it all sounds very contrived and the person does not have any power behind their words. I can't really get into the question because there's no substance to it.

I will likely use this recent period of time of majority fake questions as an excuse to create something I've wanted to make for a while: which, on playback, skips the questioner, and all you hear is abraham. when I first started listening to abraham, the questioner would always bother me because I was really sensitive, so I really liked the feeling of abraham, and their answers, but the qusetioner often times conveyed such strong worry or whatever in contrast to abraham's pure vibration, I often just wanted to skip their question, because often the answer abraham gives could appear very unrelated to the question anyway, if you never would have heard the question. it also obfuscates the real message, by getting your mind to listen for an answer, when they're speaking in principals. anyway...

most of all though, I stopped listening to abraham because they say the same thing over and over anyway, so a workshop from 20 years ago is still extremely relevant today. and, I don't need any more convincing that esther is really good at translating her source. I think I probably am too, and that's what I really want. I don't want edited answers to phoney questions. I want a direct connection where I can hook into *infinite* intelligence. I want to be able to get the answer to anything I have a question about.

so, just like how I'm working up to obtaining my visual capacity -- through starvation (lol) -- I'm trying out the same technique here too. I think it'll cause me to focus a bit harder :)
