
##### context 2018-11-18 16:35

I honestly cannot really remember the week leading up to this. it was a bit of a blur. I do remember that star watching seemed to be effective, and I managed to get the climate to both feel warmer than it should and it felt like things got to a level of conductivity they had to, once again force a cold to come through.

yesterday, I planned to wake up and watch stars, but when the alarm went off, I didn't feel like going to watch stars so I just went back to sleep. obviously when I got up, I could see why I didn't have desire to get up; it was completely overcast, and getting up would have been a waste of time.

later that morning I was had the hissing frequency that tries to rip my consciousness away, and quite a few shocks as well. it pissed me off, but I have to keep reminding myself that it'll only get worse, and if I were to imagine myself actually overcoming the limitations they're putting on me, it should be expected, actually, that when their attempts to limit me are losing their effectiveness, their response will become more and more desperate as they feel their loss of "control".

this morning too I had quite a few shocks, and the first two I received without making any attempt to allow any images. last night too as I was falling asleep, images would pop into my eyes without any effort at all. however, after the second shock this morning I wanted to see if I could control it, and see if I could begin to try and conjure the images wilfully. I did not see any images, but I managed to get steadily more and more intense shocks. I will continue to hone my technique, as perhaps just as tesla learned how to control his uncontrollable images when he was 18 and conjure them on command, maybe I too can learn to conjure images on command too. I think this will prove quite useful, because then I will then have the power to get shocked wilfully, and therefore the experts can actually record and study my mental condition. although I'm pretty sure I know what's going on, being able to show others will be quite useful.

it is possible though that they won't shock me with others around, so I'll just be spending a lot of time in public places. I'm also really excited about this because I believe having the visual translation as well as the audio translation will be very much more enticing to a younger audience. also, even though abraham says that nothing is off-limits, they dance around taboos all the time. I want to have direct answers which are tailored for a wide audience. I don't mind that there will be people that don't agree with the answers. I also don't mind that there will be people that will find the subjects quite offensive or outlandish. they don't need to watch it. they can tend to their own business, and those who do wish to push against it, I welcome their energy, as it appears that this entire thing I have been going through is actually just practice for not caring one bit about what others' opinion of me and what interests me.

I'm beginning to understand that it's all good, and I'm quite literally untouchable. they will try whatever, and they'll have access to my dream-state and everything -- too, but this train will not be able to be stopped. if they're smart, they'll appreciate having access to my dream-state (and wake-state) and get as much from that as they can, instead of trying to control the uncontrollable.
