
##### context (2018-10-06 06:46)

my disillusionment had been steadily growing so much with the whole thing that it's now a week since the workshop and I'm just now getting around to writing this.

essentially, I reject almost entirely the entire thing. I do not reject the desire. I'm sure it'll eventually come around one day. I even have fanciful ideas that there are many parallel timelines where I did go with the girls, and they're sort of like waiting for me at the "end" of (that) time (line).

it was a bit of a rough bit, but I had massive visual improvements as I released more and more resistance.

I also began to fast right after the atlanta workshop, on the 23rd or so (around there). this was the most difficult week. by the end of it though, I was sort of getting used to the fact that I won't be eating food for quite some time longer (more than a month!). it took a while to sink in, but I noticed constant thoughts of 'how soon will this end', to 'gonna be a while, so get used it and find a way to feel good, anyway'.

I noted that the whole fasting thing is a bit of a physical symbol to how things sort of were and are now. I used to have a lot of thoughts about 'how long will this last?', 'when will it end?', etc. and now, I've just kind of settled into it knowing that similar to how the fast has been depriving me of much needed food energy, I now need to find a way to produce it myself. this was really hard at first, but the deprivation only made me incredibly stronger.

another incredible thing that happened is, right around the time of the workshop and also the equinox, I noticed a big rise in the planetary energy, and in the process I learned a lot about the lifecycle of a planet similar to this earth, it's relationship with the sun.

I could tell that the planet is out of alignment with the sun, and when the axial(?) rotation of the planet became parallel to the sun's polar alignment, it allowed for considerably more energy to flow. it made me think of the older years (the "golden age" - garden of eden), before the close encounter with venus, put the plant out of alignment (moses and the exodus). made me long to live in such a conductive environment where LOA had such a strong influence that building pyramids was considered feasible and strong anger in such an environment could bring about cosmic influences in measure to the emotion projected.
