##### 3. helping his kids

"satisfaction only comes from one place: identifying a desire and moving in the direction of it"

this morning I had a dream where I was in this facility where they were doing things so far from normal while people were asleep, they had people there to aid in helping minimise trauma if anyone woke up. I thought it was really so strange that people would willingly be aiding them do these traumatic things to others. I then could see that they had the entire population drugged as it were. they were artificially inducing a feeling of satisfaction. people were not just conforming or being complacent. instead, they had accepted what-is as reality (I suppose through some sort of nightly association technique) and were actually satisfied with it. they seemed to feel unfounded satisfaction regarding their helpfulness to aid others not experience any trauma.

this quote says that part of satisfaction is the identification of desire, but I suppose there are so many different "healers and uplifters" that nearly anyone would want to help to aid these children experience as little trauma as possible, if they were to wake up.

##### 4. desires become choices

the story about the tile floors: probably lyia's beliefs which are holding her in a holding pattern just like esther's beliefs about her floor such as "they should not have done that" or "they should have asked me first" which are preventing her.

the story about the chopped down trees: probably fits two things -- 1. the circumstantial evidence in the dreams that would give the appearance that I did not want togetherness and instead favoured work over her. (both untrue, but the circumstance surrounding the dream gave evidence that would suggest otherwise) 2. it is my belief that they have made an example of someone watching stars, perhaps shocking them or making eye damage or something, and the circumstantial evidence suggests that if you watch stars, this bad thing will happen to you. it is likely an illusion created to deter people from watching stars.

##### 8. make satisfaction your setpoint

I am feeling a lot more dissatisfaction than I need to be. like esther in the story about her floor, I too have many thoughts that directly go in contradiction to anything manifesting. in fact, I believe so strongly that they would never be able to allow anything to manifest, simply because of the great difference that we have about the ability to talk about the "nosebook network" and its implications, etc. I find the subject very interesting, and want to talk about it to understand it, but also because it's the #1 source of unexplainable things in my life. perhaps they want me to speak about the subject in a more positive light? I dunno, cause even when I do that, I get negative reactions. I'm curious about what their ideal realisation of my presence in their network would be, actually, because no matter what -- they seem dissatisfied with everything I have tried; I do not believe they will ever be satisfied with anything I do. it's not my intention to try and please them, and even if I wanted to, I find it pretty unlikely they would even be able to define my ideal behaviour.

oooh, so in that case, they must be seeing me like esther sees the floor in her del mar house. lol, nice we've got a whole bunch of dissatisfied floor haters at this party.. LOL we sure are all a great match to each other. makes pretty good sense why I wake up feeling despair so frequently. they're probably spending most of their time trying to dissuade me from doing the unsatisfying things that I'm doing, holding their attention to that dissatisfaction. that's probably why I feel so compelled to act in a way which helps them to real-eyes their beliefs about me.

----

I learned a lot about watching jaron. all of his life his emotions are pretty neutral. he ranges mostly from "don't care" to being content with what he is about. I have noticed that it also seems as if this is the opposite of how I tend to feel, with essentially insatiable desire: never satisfied.

as I find myself in a situation where I feel powerless to realise my desires, I tend to find myself hovering more around these neutral emotions. I am either on the "fuck it; don't care" end of things or more toward the satisfied end of things.

I began noticing that when feeling emotion like, "I don't care", it is pretty easy to slip into despair or depression. however, feeling satisfied, it's much easier to go into more positive emotions like hopefulness, knowing or positive expectation. contentment is pretty much as neutral as it can get. it's the closest to no motion that one can get.

I don't usually find myself feeling contentment; I've got that insatiable desire motor always propelling me forward. however, thinking back, I notice that jaron has lived most of his life in the content area of emotion. it seemed to me that he was not very proactive with his desires like I was. instead, he would sorta just wait until he finally identified something he really wanted, then he could activate it and go for it. he almost always got it really quickly too because he could move into the emotion of feeling like he could obtain it easily... for physical things. jaron really believed in himself physically. mentally too, but not to the same degree.

---

the way I discovered this is contemplating double vision in the eyes. jaron has double vision, but doesn't really do anything about it. he just sort of accepts the current reality. I however, do not like my double vision though, and seek to improve it. if I perceive the current reality in relation to my desire for its improvement, it can feel dissatisfaction with the current reality. however, if I am aware that the improvement is on the way, I can be content with how things are. it is in a sense a suspension of the now manifestation of that desire, because I know (feel) that it's coming.

the way this relates to the dream is, with so many people having other people sitting in on experiences they too would wish to have in their life, huge amounts of desire is being born, yet most will feel powerless to realise that desire.

in the dream, the healers and uplifters that were soothing these children whose realities were being rearranged, felt satisfaction. I could tell it was an artificially induced sense of satisfaction (contentment) as some sort of means of coping with their realisation that there will be no way for them to ever have the opportunity to satisfy their desire like the kids they're soothing will be able to do.

in the dream, they were rearranging the realities of these girls, modifying their memories, their identity and other key concepts which serve as the basis of their experience. they were being replaced with manufactured concepts which would allow these kids to realise their sexual fantasies with the men that were chosen for them. the uplifters didn't see it that way though, they saw it as incredible opportunity for these girls to be able to express themselves sexually at such a young age with these men which */appear/* to be quite a good "catch" for them.

I was one of these men that would receive these recombobulated girls. *sigh* ok... I'm not all that convinced that they can rearrange someone's non-physical intentions. they may be able to reconfigure someone's current perception of reality, but anyone's current perception of reality will generate an emotional response in relation to someone's non-physical intentions. for example, my non-physical intentions seem to have no problem with what is happening to me, and the negative emotion I feel is an indicator that my inner being perceives the same thing a bit differently. if these girls really did have a strong non-physical intention to do something else, it would be noticeable. in fact, most of the responses would probably be similar to how an autistic child responds.

so as long as you're not trying to distract these girls away from their natural response to get what you want, much like a parent might do to their autistic child -- I guess the question remaining is, how to get these uplifters (and the audience in general) to feel satisfaction with the current manifestation of reality? well, earlier on, abraham described emotion as a chemical response to a frequency. so, I suppose ...

gonna take a break and wait for the next part to come...

##### ??. autistim
