#### context

right around the time I stopped sleeping with headphones. I had made an effort to try and let there be an understanding that I could enjoy living an unresisted lifestyle while awake, and they could have my dream state. then, on the 7th I got my hand device removed and felt considerably better for a day and began to have more visual things in my eyes. the mood was probably pretty good. it was also associated with another one of those big changes. I gave up on the idea of constantly calling the guys trying to direct my life different names and settled on "well meaning hardasses". that began a series of acquisitions of more girls that would be apart of my planned later experience.

it got so out of hand, I sorta didn't really know what to do. I went out to watch stars and began to come to a series of realisations that after all, the fact that there would be so many of them would mean that they would all be much more independent and I perceived that they would become strong women.

this perception began to take more and more form in my mind as I began seeing an opportunity for something really cool (which I had never thought about before). it would be something like all of the girls would have the same visual capacity as I do where I can summon the thing in 3d space. in tesla's autobiography he makes special mention to note that when he was visualising the motor in 3d space, the guy with him could not see what he was seeing. in other places too, it seems that there is evidence that if we're all on the same wavelength, we could all see the same 3d object as if it were really there.

that idea really interested me ... I began thinking about maybe some sort of thing where I provide the desire and then these girls could awaken their capacity to physically manifest the things we visualise and create. sorta like some super team or something.

##### sidebar about 3d creativity

my experience has lead me to believe, that girls tend to perceive themselves not to be as mechanically oriented or builders/constructors as men do - so it appears they perceive there to be some sort of invisible barrier to entry to invention. so, imagine they had the opportunity to create things at the speed of thought: it could really be incredible. I personally, am very curious to see what kinds of mental experiments or ideas they would toy around with in their mind as some sort of frivolous afterthought. for me, those primordial inspirations can turn out to be the beginning of a road which leads to a major discovery or breakthrough. so, imagine if all that needed to done, was to just think it and the thing they were imagining would begin to exist in a visual format where others could also see it and interact with it. I believe, amazing things would begin to occur because mechanical and physical creativity would no longer have such an intellectual barrier to entry. for example, it could be interesting to try reimagining many ordinary things from a fun or nurturing perspective. (something previously impossible because an entire team of people would have to give a "dumb idea" some thought)

additionally, I believe they are in for quite a surprise because when the thing they are "imagining" has to fit into 3d space and be believable, it introduces quite a few physical constraints on the form that the imagination does not have. it seems to me, that the realisation of this kind of visual capacity comes more from a "knowing". or, in discovery mode, it would comes more from a sense of how it should feel. therefore, it will be of utmost importance for their "feelings" and "knowings" to be tempered enough to produce the desired form.

when I was younger, I had this problem where I would physically see in 3d space things that would scare me. that's why I didn't watch scary movies. essentially, I had to shut down that capacity waiting for better emotional control. so, that means that in my vision of these girls with mastery over this, meant that additionally, I was seeing them dominance over their emotions as well. very strong and self-empowered women and that's very very attractive to me.

----
----

##### 3. are your beliefs in the way?

today (18-07-13) I was talking with mom in the car about how even if nosebook was able to redefine reality in someone's mind while they are asleep, if it goes contrary to your non-physical intentions, then you would experience negative emotion. however, I made a mistake and claimed that logic cultural logic or social norms are *non-physical* intentions as well.. which is incorrect and seemed almost to be a deliberate mistake on my part. it seems I'm making so silly, almost deliberate mistakes often now which tie into the clarification of a concept I am in the process of discovering. this is one such concept.

abraham talks about you can have some beliefs hammered into you... and essentially, if you were to practice a thought in someone's mind all night long, it would become a belief. and now, if that new belief that nosebook (or your wife/mother) practiced into you, is in opposition to your desire, you will experience negative emotion.

here I want to make the distinction between physical and non-physical intentions. you can have physical intentions which are in contradiction to your non-physical intentions. I am beginning to learn that often times this is the case because my physical intentions are short-sighted. my non-physical intentions are often times seen from a much wider perspective.

for example, today I was noting that sometimes abraham makes a special note to point out something that is happening which some might consider, "bad" - and other times they are silent, carefully avoiding any form of speech which would bias our thought toward a more narrow viewpoint. one of those is the normalisation process which takes place with children in most schools, and now with the operators of our children's minds at nosebook (they probably call them something retarded, like "guides" or "mentors"). abraham teaches that you get more of what you give your attention to, so why would they specifically go out of their way to focus our attention on to the social normalisation process which takes place? they give clues here and there, but I think that this is a perfect example of a narrow short-sighted perspective vs. a bigger picture understanding of what is taking place.

... more that someone tries to limit someone else, the more desire is created, and therefore more kids will desire the freedom to think and feel what they desire and not have their thoughts guided so much. so, in reality attempting to control the uncontrollable is a futile attempt which will create a much bigger vortex for all of humankind and each individual in the process.

in a sense, giving power to people who want to try and categorise and fit everyone's thought into little boxes, will create a backlash to become unique, and all sorts of new types of thought and perception will emerge, creating much more diversity in human perception, which will lead to eventually to greater uniqueness individually and ultimately a richer expression of the things that interest each person individually (specialisation).

##### 5. replacing capitalism

in the discussion, abraham begins to talk @7:33 about what I was expressing above. specifically, @8:33 they illustrate how when more contrast is created, it creates more recognition of unwanted, which creates more knowing of what is wanted, which is creating a much bigger vortex. the potential to thrive is more, and the potential to suffer is more too.

later, they urge him to instead of trying to install a system which disempowers people by trying to be their vortex, show the people how to connect with their vortex. also, the corollary is somewhat obvious, in which people wanting to disempower others through dependency will believe that they are not the limited vortex through which others' well-being comes.

slightly related, I have often times toyed with an idea where a monetary system is created similar to cryptocurrencies where proof of work is based on someone's perception and proof of stake is similar to your vibrational escrow (potential energy) -- meaning, more perception means greater purchasing(?) power. also, I want to have a system to be based on constant motion. eg. all currency must be continually in motion -- and it's the motion that generates the economic structure, not the accumulated "wealth". however, I do not yet perceive a potential implementation for this continual motion or yet see how proof of stake can be implemented on someone's perception. (maybe mining could be done while sleeping, where the perceiver solving small puzzles in dream state which can only be perceived by the human brain at higher and higher frequencies -- proof of "work" happening while you sleep). this also redefines sleep as something refreshes you physically, resets you emotionally, and gives added resources to utilise in your wake-state.

[another idea would be to have a clearing house repository where people could put problems in a definable format with a recognisable solution available to sleeping people to solve in exchange for this currency (???)]

##### 9. meditation and more

##### 15. soft and gentle touch

seemed like they were talking about me in the dream state. they're trying to get me into the state where I manifest what I think about, probably. it sounds like they have me "meditate" in my dream state until I reach some sort of state where I begin to allow that "flow". so probably they put the concept of the person they want me to have sex with, then at the same time the [dream operator/dream program] sends thoughts about sex positions(?) with the girl and then watches what unfolds through my eyes? one time this happened to me while I was awake, and I saw nothing happened because I probably filter out all those distracting thoughts while conscious. abraham tells the story of the gentle touch, the operator(?) responds saying he's probably not so "gentle", so they suggest that he takes a more gentle approach to behaviour (rough sex? or the forcefulness of the frequencies they apply?), and it's implied that the forceful behaviour is the reason why I cannot achieve this state so easily.

I suppose if they have me meditate in my dream state to achieve this capability, then it is probably possible to also do it in my wake state too. therefore I conclude that is likely the reason why they shock me during meditation when images begin to form -- so as to not allow me access to that visual capacity.

oh well... it would have been cool to experience that, but I'm going to pass on the visual capacity for now. perhaps they have not been able to achieve this state recently either because it has been a long time since I have woken up with splooge in my pants. not that is an indicator of the achievement of the state but perhaps they're not being so forceful

##### 18. is it mother karma?

first of all, the relationship she has with her abusive mother sounds a whole heckofa lot like mine with nosebook. @8:10 - abraham begins to explain that the relationship she has had with her mother, has created a whole lot of desire that has really expanded her vortex. the realisation of that desire is denied by her with every thought that she has about the what-is-ness of the relationship with her mother. again, same for me and nosebook; it might as well be the same idea.

this gives me the opportunity to illustrate the contrast and resulting expansion that will be created as a result of trying to practice beliefs that don't serve these kids into their minds while they're asleep. the result will be a huge huge huge vortex, and like abraham has suggested to her, a very important thing to do is to acknowledge the bigness of the creation that has taken place as a result of the agreement that we have (made non-physically before coming here?), which I'm doing pretty well on recently. our agreement was not to feather each other's nests and give each other an opportunity to find our own alignment with our respective vortices, appreciating the diversity of perspective and understanding that neither of us could deprive the other of the realisation of his vortex, and neither depend on the other for its realisation -- and it is only our discordant thoughts that keep us out of alignment of our vortices.

in the same way, just like how abraham thinks that a mother that would feather her nest would be something not so beneficial to her, I have really began to "appreciate the contrast" and also appreciate the increased focus that it has given me. I've never experienced such great expansion at the same time as great focus toward the improvements I am looking for. I'm getting closer every day toward obtaining my own autonomy and the realisation of my capacities despite the conditions which I am living. it is a perfect situation in which I can truly realise that no one has any power over me and that true freedom is the basis of my experience.

@11:13 - it's logical that she would blame her mother for the non-realisation of what she knows to be true, but she's not gonna change (and has no intention to do so), so she's only nailing her feet to the floor focusing on that. I recognise the same thing with nosebook. I do not believe they will ever change either. at first this felt limiting to me, because I believed that they had power over my experience. I am beginning to realise that this is not the case, and instead have completely swapped positions, and do not want them to change, realising the powerful desire they will be creating in all of these children that they will try so hard to normalise. furthermore, I too have recognised the benefit to realising my own change and not needing something else to be different in order to feel good.

abraham suggests she find a way of getting out (eg. realising that *I* am the creator of my reality and that no one has any real power over me?) and to focus in the direction of who I really am.

@12:23 - abraham says that they like the blame she feels toward her mother... I agree...

I'm doing just fine :) seems I'm right on target, and the evidence of the synchronicity of the conversation I had with mom earlier and the different dreams and events leading up to this only confirms that I am doing quite fine. everything appears to be in order; it was, after all, only my perception that things were not, that held me discord.
