#### context

last night I had a dream where someone was telling me to send an email to lyia, and I refused to do so. right after that I had a dream where people were standing in line to get their bso devices because now it became mandatory.

the significance of the two dreams are the following: if I send an email to lyia trying to initiate something, it means that if I am the initiator, then we will be going my direction. there has been so much resistance toward my direction, I obviously came to the conclusion that it was hopeless. there was going to be no way for anything to happen, because if I am the initiator, then it will be an endless fight, because they do not want me to go the direction I want to go - with or without girls. so, then if then the bso is the initiator or the proposer of the idea, then I will either want to maintain how things are right now, because clearly I will be getting my capacities soon, as it's only a matter of time before I'm capable of broadcasting more powerfully than they can. or, if I decide I want to take them up on their offer, one of my stipulations (besides getting a bunch of answers to a ton of questions about strange things in my experience), I want to leave the network, gain my capacities, then decide that I am willing to forfeit my capacities in exchange for a physical experience.

I woke up pretty miffed. however, I was reminded of the third conclusion that I had come to last week where I found out that things are easier to reason about, if I instead think of myself not as the autonomous person that I am, but a practicing clone -- a concept I previously dubbed S.E.A. (source energy android). the idea being that I would behave as source would, if it were to have human form. it wouldn't be 100% source though, as the idea would be to allow for the clones to be influenced by the desires of the controller of the clone, and the clone would receive and respond appropriately to the resulting emotion received from my inner being. as practice for the base programming of the clone, I would get so good at responding to emotional cues, that things like negative emotion would not even be a problem. the clone would even be able to respond productively to it. I don't know for sure, but I imagine it would be like interacting with a living breathing version of the dream-state me. I imagine that many girls and boys would enjoy having such an experience. anyway...

since that concept is a bit far out for people to wrap their heads around, I was reminded of my interaction with raquel quite some time ago. when she was the one with the initiative, things went well. however, when I invited her to live with me, things went terribly wrong. it's easy to see now that she didn't really want to fit into my way of doing things. one of my main realisations after our relationship is that I did not to try and convince others to do what I wanted to do; instead, I want to go about doing what it is that I want to do, and be my own desire/motor toward that goal. those that want to join, LOA will attract the respective components toward the achievement of that desire. this has been a pretty tough thing to realise, with thousands of people actively working against me. clearly, that will have to wait.
