#### context


#### questions I would ask...

if I were able to go to a workshop this year, I imagine that this one would probably be the most likely. I am beginning to compile a list of the questions I would ask here.

I'm not even going to attempt to try to make this happen. instead, this is a test, to see how well law of attraction works :) I figure, if there is enough desire for me to ask these questions, LOA will make it so. so, let's see how well it works..

---

1a. if the whole girls thing had of happened, would I have very quickly got my visual capacity? if so, is the strong desire for me *not* to have my visual capacity actually the primary cause for things being held up? likewise, is my desire to obtain my visual capacity for myself also preventing it?

1b. it seems to me that I kind of got myself into this whole mess by feeling incapable of realising my own desire myself, I wanted others to make it possible to realise my desire (in this case of translating source energy)... so now that I know I can and should want to obtain it for myself, I *have/want/must* do it myself because I don't want to get myself into a situation again where I am dependent on some sort of condition (the girls or drugs in this case) to realise my desire of translating source energy. is this "wanting others to do for me something I feel incapable of doing myself" the real reason why things are being held up, because that's not what any of us *really* want?

2. why are my eyes blurry all the time? (I have lots of reasons why I think this is happening) is it true that other people see out of my eyes considerably better than I do? how can I see out of my eyes clearly?

3. I seem to easily come into alignment with my desire to cultivate the capacity to conjure images in my eyes and in 3d space -- however I often get shocked or something. how can I come into alignment with my desire without getting shocked?

4. why do they want me to have sex so badly? besides that it would feel good, and they're probably looking for the next biggest high (considering my visual detail level), is it because they're trying to obtain my visual capacity when I orgasm or something strange like that? what is going on with all of that?

5. certain thoughts trigger physical sensation in my body; is that them, the girls, or me?

6. I have noticed that almost everything that feels good to me gets muffled and all of its goodness taken away shortly thereafter, so are they attempting to remove any good feeling emotion I have? is that the same sort of thing that's happening in my imagination?

7. the one story you guys tell about a man's wife complaining about his ex-wife taking a portion of his income for child support every time he makes more money -- reminds me of the situation I'm in where every time I seem to begin to gain energetic capabilities, I find myself with a new device embedded in my body and more energetic limitations. so, when you respond by saying that you wished he had 10 ex-wives, is that the same sort of thing that's happening to me here? should I actually be attempting to continue expanding my energetic capacity and get as many devices as I can?

8a. it seems to me that someone is telling everyone inside of the network that they cannot watch stars -- why? when I was talking with becky about watching stars, it was almost as if she was trying to get me to say something to try and justify them getting permission to look at the stars. first of all, why would they feel they need to be permitted to look at something? what is going on?

8b. why would they want to prevent people from obtaining a better visual capacity? is it because they are selling higher level visual capacity, and if someone could just get it for free from the stars it would undermine their business model? are they intentionally forcing people to depend on something that's out of their control for their visual capability? is it because everyone actually sees out of their own eyes (unlike me), and it would be to costly for them to try and prevent everyone from gaining visual capability from the stars? are they scared that other people will gain the capacity to conjure images in 3d space that they couldn't control?

9. what are they doing while I sleep? why do I feel such strong agitation when I want to go to sleep (especially after watching stars) and they turn on the really loud thing that makes me feel bad? what was happening to me when I wrote this question? it/I didn't feel good at all. how can I go to sleep easier and without that feeling?
